that 's exactli how long the movi felt to me . 
there were n't even nine laugh in nine month . 
it 's a terribl mess of a movi star a terribl mess of a man , mr . hugh grant , a huge dork . 
it 's not the whole oral-sex/prostitut thing ( refer to grant , not me ) that bug me , it 's the fact that grant is annoy . 
not just adam sandler-annoy , we 're talk jim carrey-annoy . 
sinc when do eye flutter and nervou smile pass for act ? 
but , on the other hand , sinc when do realli bad slapstick ( a fistfight in the deliveri room culmin in grant 's head in joan cusack 's lap -- a scene he paid $ 60 to have includ in the movi ) and obscen doubl entendr ( robin william , the obstetrician , tell grant 's pregnant girlfriend she ha `` a big pussi , `` refer of cours to the size of the cat hair on her coat , but nonetheless , grant paid $ 60 to have the exchang includ in the movi ) pass for comedi ? 
nine month is a predict cookie-cutt movi with no origin in humor or plot . 
hugh grant play a success child psychiatrist . 
whi a child psychologist ? 
so the scriptwrit could inject the follow unfunni exchang : 
kid : my dad 's an asshol . 
grant ( flutter eyelash , offer a nervou smile , then respond in hi annoy english accent and i-think-i-actually-have- talent attitud ) : could you possibl elabor on that ? 
kid : my dad 's a _huge_ asshol . 
more like a hugh asshol , but that 's besid the point , which is : nine month includ too mani needlessli stupid joke that get laugh from the ten year old in the audienc while everyon els shake hi or her head in disbelief . 
so , anyway , grant find out hi girlfriend is pregnant and doe hi usual reaction ( flutter eyelash , nervou smile ) . 
thi pave the way for everi possibl pregnancy/child birth gag in the book , especi sinc grant 's equal annoy friend 's wife is also pregnant . 
the annoy friend is play by tom arnold , who provid most of the cacophon slapstick , none of which is funni , such as a scene where arnold beat up a costum `` arni the dinosaur `` ( you draw your own parallel on that one ) in a toy store . 
the onli interest charact in the movi is play by jeff goldblum , who should have hid himself away somewher after the dread hideaway , as an artist with a fear of ( and simultan long for ) commit . 
not even robin william , who play a russian doctor who ha recent decid to switch from veterinari medicin to obstetr , ha much humor . 
hi is a one-jok charact -- the old foreign-guy-who-mispronounces-english stereotyp ( did someon say yakov smirnov ? 
that 's my favorit vodka , by the way ) , henc the line `` now it 's time to take a look at your volvo , `` anoth nasti but unamus joke , except thi one goe right over the ten year old ' head , while the adult simultan groan . 
nine month is a complet failur , low on laugh and intellig and high on loud , unfunni slapstick , fail joke and other uninspir lunaci . 
hugh grant 's sunset boulevard arrest ( pleas , no caught-with-his-pants-down joke ) may bring more peopl into the theater , but they certainli wo n't leav with a smile on their face , not after 90 minut of grant 's nervou smile . 
everyth in the movi is so forc , so unauthent that anyon with an i . q . 
over 80 ( sorri , hugh ) will know they wast their money on an unfulfil desir . 
but at least they did n't spend 60 buck for it . 
