synopsi : a mental unstabl man undergo psychotherapi save a boy from a potenti fatal accid and then fall in love with the boy 's mother , a fledgl restauranteur . 
unsuccess attempt to gain the woman 's favor , he take pictur of her and kill a number of peopl in hi way . 
comment : stalk is yet anoth in a seemingli endless string of spurned-psychos-getting-their-reveng type movi which are a stabl categori in the 1990 film industri , both theatric and direct-to-video . 
their prolifer may be due in part to the fact that they 're typic inexpens to produc ( no special effect , no big name star ) and serv as vehicl to flash nuditi ( allow them to frequent late-night cabl televis ) . 
stalk waver slightli from the norm in one respect : the psycho never actual ha an affair ; on the contrari , he 's reject rather quickli ( the psycho typic is an ex-lov , ex-wif , or ex-husband ) . 
other than that , stalk is just anoth redund entri doom to collect dust on video shelv and view after midnight on cabl . 
stalk doe not provid much suspens , though that is what it set out to do . 
interspers throughout the open credit , for instanc , a serious-sound narrat spout statist about stalker and ponder what may caus a man to stalk ( it 's implicitli impli that all stalker are men ) while pictur of a boy are shown on the screen . 
after these credit , a snapshot of actor jay underwood appear . 
the narrat state that `` thi is the stori of daryl gleason `` and tell the audienc that he is the stalker . 
of cours , realli , thi is the stori of restauranteur brook daniel . 
if the movi wa meant to be about daryl , then it should have been call stalker not stalk . 
okay . so we know who the stalker is even befor the movi start ; no guesswork requir . 
stalk proce , then , as it begin : obviou , obviou , obviou . 
the open sequenc , contriv quit a bit , bring daryl and brook ( the victim ) togeth . 
daryl obsess over brook , follow her around , and tri to woo her . 
ultim reject by her , hi plan becom more and more desper and elabor . 
these plan includ the all-tim , psycho-in-lov , clich : the murder pet . 
for some reason , thi genr 's film requir a dead pet to be found by the victim stalk . 
stalk is no except ( it 's a cat thi time -- found in the shower ) . 
event like these lead to the inevit showdown between stalker and stalk , where onli one surviv ( guess who it invari alway is and you 'll guess the conclus to thi turkey ) . 
stalk 's cast is uniformli adequ : not anyth to write home about but also not all that bad either . 
jay underwood , as the stalker , turn toward melodrama a bit too much . 
he overdo it , in other word , but he still manag to be creepi enough to pass as the type of stalker the stori demand . 
maryam d'abo , about the onli actor close to be a star here ( she play the bond chick in the live daylight ) , is equal adequ as the `` stalk `` of the titl , even though she seem too ditzi at time to be a strong , independ business-own . 
brook ( d'abo ) need to be ditzi , howev , for the plot to proceed . 
toward the end , for exampl , brook ha her suspicion about daryl . 
to ensur he wo n't use it as anoth excus to see her , brook decid to return a toolbox he had left at her place to hi hous . 
doe she just leav the toolbox at the door when no one answer ? 
of cours not . 
she tri the door , open it , and wander around the hous . 
when daryl return , he enter the hous , of cours , so our heroin is in danger . 
somehow , even though her car is park at the front of the hous , right by the front door , daryl is oblivi to her presenc insid . 
the whole episod place an incred strain on the audienc 's suspens of disbelief and question the valid of either charact 's intellig . 
stalk receiv two star becaus , even though it is highli deriv and somewhat bore , it is not so bad that it can not be watch . 
rate r mostli for sever murder scene and brief nuditi in a strip bar , it is not as offens as mani other thriller in thi genr are . 
if you 're in the mood for a good suspens film , though , stake out someth els . 
