and now the high-fli hong kong style of filmmak ha made it way down to the classic , and it is n't pretti . 
thi time out the nod to asia goe by way of franc in the excruci bland and lukewarm product of the musket , a version of duma 's the three musket . 
by bring in popular asian actor/stunt coordin xing xing xiong -- whose onli prior american attempt at stunt choreographi have been the laughabl van damm vehicl doubl team and the denni rodman cinemat joke simon sez -- our musket are thrown into the air to do their fight . 
the end result is a tepid and dull action/adventur rip-off that stink of indiana jone and bad asian kung fu . 
the stori is so simpl my grandmoth could have adapt the screenplay . 
d'artagnan ( justin chamber ) is the veng son of a slain musket . 
he travel to pari to join the royal musket and find the man that kill hi parent . 
in pari , he meet the cun cardin richelieu ( stephen rea ) , who is tri to overthrow the king , and richelieu 's man-in-black associ febr ( tim roth ) , the killer of hi folk . 
he find the musket in pari disband and drunk , so he round up arami ( nick moran ) , atho ( jan gregor kremp ) and portho ( steven spier ) to free the musket 's wrong imprison leader trevil from the king 's prison . 
d'artagnan and hi new friski love interest/chambermaid francesca ( mena suvari ) play footsi and coo at each other as the cardin hunt down the musket until final the queen ( catherin deneuv ) end up be captur by the menanc febr , forc the musket to regroup , with d'artagnan lead the charg , and save the day . 
director peter hyam ( end of day ) obvious want to blend eastern and western filmmak style , but here it 's a disast . 
one problem is that , in realiti , most eastern film have taken their lead from western one . 
jet li 's high risk is a rip-off of die hard -- not the other way around . 
iron , there is aw littl swordplay or action in the film at all -- mayb ten minut of swashbuckl spread over five scene . 
most asian action film carri the bulk of their product with 20- to 30-minut action sequenc , becaus they know the scene have to carri the pictur . 
the musket instead weigh itself down with a predict and monoton screenplay by gene quintano ( sudden death ) , horribl act by stephen rea and tim roth , and the prosaic attempt of justin chamber ( the wed planner ) to deliv hi mousi self as a leader . 
chamber ' d'artangnan is n't a musket -- he 's a mouseket ! 
and hyam 's use of candl and torch to light the grime and filth of 17th centuri pari are well-not , but that 's the onli standout in an overal flat product . 
