mighti joe young blunder about for nearli twenti minut befor we actual get to see a great big gorilla . 
hi entranc , howev , is a grand one : out from the tree he leap , gargantuan and impos , sport hand big enough to crush a volkswagen bug , and a pair of feet much larger than ani pro basketbal player will ever have . 
joe bellow at the poacher befor him , angri that they would like to kill him and sell him for million of dollar . 
dure thi scene , i turn to my friend and said , `` wow . 
that 's some ape . `` 
joe is quit a gorilla -- a big , digit gorilla . 
he run around the field , chase car and peopl . 
he pick thing up and stare at them pensiv . 
he break thing on accid , becaus he 's just too big to avoid clumsi . 
joe , as a special effect , is an imag that might hold your interest for five minut . 
as a charact , he doe n't quit regist . 
and the stori he 's been put in is as limp as they come . 
the word `` famili entertain `` have never been a stamp of qualiti , but might joe young is just a silli special effect movi pretend to have a heart . 
the pictur is a remak of the 1949 film . 
it 's mostli just about the big gorilla , but , strictli as a formal , the movi also ha a few human charact . 
the main one is jill young ( poor charliz theron , forc to wast her talent ) , a lover of gorilla . 
as a child , she wit a group of poacher murder her mother ; now , she live in the jungl to protect the wildlif . 
specif , she 's out to protect joe , a giant gorilla who ha been her friend sinc her childhood . 
soon , zoologist gregg o'hara ( bill paxton ) discov joe ; he quickli realiz that poacher want to get joe and sell him to a big game hunter name strasser ( rade sherbedgia ) , who just happen to be the same guy who kill jill 's mother . 
so , in an effort to save joe , jill and gregg take the big gorilla to a preserv , where it is instantli clear that he is not safe from poacher . 
in addit , the space is way too small for him ( after all , he is a realli big gorilla ) . 
and , to add to the complic , strasser show up under a benevol pretext ( he tell jill that he ha a preserv big enough for joe ) , and joe recogn strasser as the guy who kill jill 's mother . 
jill , of cours , doe n't recogn strasser , even though he did kill her mother . 
thi is just one of the mani exampl of stupid in mighti joe young , a film that fulfil everi stereotyp that come with a special effect film . 
the movi is n't realli offens -- it ha some compet actor , a few nifti set , and a lot of scene with a big , digit gorilla . 
but the stori is realli dumb , there are n't ani charact , and the film is n't satisfi on ani level beyond it visual . 
the movi also ha bad dialogu . 
if a critic say that a film ha bad dialogu , it 's onli fair to quot some of it , but most of the word spoken in thi pictur are phrase like `` joe is n't happi ! `` 
and `` joe is n't safe here ! `` 
`` we need to get joe out of here ! `` 
`` joe is way too big for that cage ! `` 
i do n't know if these phrase are word for word , but they 're close . 
as i said , the charact here are onli present as a formal : they do littl more than state the obviou ( of * cours * joe is too big for that cage ) . 
paxton and theron are talent perform who deserv to work on a script that provid charact for them . 
sadli , mighti joe young wast them both . 
there are a few clever moment ( although none of them are surfac in my memori at the moment ) , and , as i said , the digit effect held my attent for at least five minut . 
it 's certainli not a bad film for kid ; i doubt joe will give them nightmar . 
but adult in the audienc are n't like to find much of anyth interest about the big gorilla . 
a big gorilla is onli interest for a littl while ; after that , someth need to be done with the big gorilla . 
nobodi ever figur out what to do with the big gorilla . 
