the classic stori & the product which ruin it 
mark the centenni anniversari of the 1896 h . g . well classic , new line cinema , arm with a stellar cast and expert make-up effect man stan winston ( alien , predat , termin etc ) churn out yet anoth hollywood film base on the classic novel . 
of cours , the product is no doubt much more superior compar to the earlier 2 movi , one of which wa made back in the 1933 and the other in the 1977 , under the titl the island of lost soul ( sound like a much better titl . . ) . 
the stori begin with edward dougla ( thewli ) , a un repres sent to overse a peac treati somewher in the south pacif , who is save from the brink of death by montgomeri ( kilmer ) after hi plane crash into the sea . 
dougla soon learn that montgomeri is work for dr . moreau , who incid , own the island and also a reput geneticist who ha been award the nobel prize . 
hi host 's reluct to allow him to freeli move around the island becom clear when he stumbl into moreau 's lab , when a monstrou birth wa in progress . 
even wors , the other worker in the lab are not exactli normal `` peopl . `` 
dougla stumbl across yet anoth shock discoveri when he is led to the beast-peopl commun , which consid dr . moreau their maker . 
use shock-therapi and the law , dr . moreau ha long been abl to keep hi beast-peopl civilis to some extent but there are a few animal-men who are just too savag to be control . 
the island of dr . 
moreau question the abil of men play god . 
dr . moreau is a man obsess with creat a race of be which is free from hate and violenc . . . but the savag within everi beast is not someth one can suppress for long . 
moreau ha no doubt a veri interest premis within it grasp . 
even so , the product ha fail to make the most out of it . 
there are too mani charact to put your attent to and the worst thing is , the charact are not `` priorit `` so when the audienc is led to believ that a particular charact is import , befor they know it , he or she or it perish . . . . rather 
unglori at time too . 
perhap there is some redempt in the develop of the beast peopl , especi aissa ( balk ) , the most human of moreau 's creation . 
the two veri import charact , montgomeri and dr . moreau himself receiv no develop at all and it is in thi area that the script fail miser . 
more screen time could have been use for charact interact and develop . 
i realli would have like it better if , say , they delv more into dr . moreau 's obsess , montgomeri 's purpos in the stori and justif to as whi the beast-peopl had to rebel . 
mayb the natur of the screenplay , which incid , doe not incorpor much action sequenc in the film , forc the filmmak to `` cut a long stori short `` and make it more of an action film than anyth els ( it 's still summer , and movi have to be `` market `` ) . 
the special effect too , are realli noth for anyon to shout about . 
at most , i would say the beast-men look just a bit more realist than those ape in planet of the ape . 
thi h . g . well classic realli ha potenti to be a good film . 
unfortun , after 2 adapt , they still could not decid on how and what to focu their attent on to realli bring out that import messag which make up the entir essenc of the stori . 
as a third outing , the island of dr . moreau 
accomplish littl and is noth more than an inferior version of ` the planet of the ape ' . 
the fli inkpot rate system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . 
* * a littl creaki , but still better than stay at home with gotcha ! 
* * * pretti good , bring a friend . 
* * * * amaz , potent stuff . 
* * * * * perfect . 
see it twice . 
