capsul : where are you tonight , leni rienfenst ? 
starship trooper is an expens , hate and unenjoy piec of violent pornographi -- and bad pornographi , at that . 
it is not good cinema , not good storytel , and not even stupid fun : it 's so cynic , calculatedli bone-head that even the least demand member of the audienc i wa with were altern bore and revuls . 
it 's one of the worst movi i 've seen in a long time . 
whi am i call thi movi pornographi ? 
pornographi , in the abstract , is anyth which is calcul to appeal to the baser instinct . 
i rememb read a review of full metal jacket which describ the climact moment at the end of the movi , where privat joker ha to shoot the down vc sniper , as `` a near-pornograph etern `` . 
i did n't agre with that assess , but i could see what wa be impli : the review felt as if the audienc wa be incit to stand up and pump their fist and shout `` do 'er , man , do 'er ! `` 
that sentiment is echo ad nauseam throughout starship trooper . 
it 's * liter * like a giant recruit film that ha gone berserk . 
it tri frantic to enlist our emot but it wind up onli be dull or sicken . 
the film take place in our futur , when earth ha come under attack by some alien speci that doe n't appear to have intellig . 
to counterattack , humankind doe the singl stupidest thing imagin : instead of nuke the planet from orbit , which they 're clearli capabl of , they send down grunt with m-16 rifl . 
thi is n't heinlein , it 's a bad wwii movi , one where all the most obviou point of satir are ever poke and prod in combat scene that are noisi , repetit , and ultim tiresom . 
( one scene ha a journalist on a battlefield , filimg soldier be slaughter , and end with groan predict : said cameraman get skewer , too . ) 
the soldier and their command are consist idiot . 
they do not possess a germ of tactic intellig or even common sens . 
they do n't even behav like soldier in a bad * movi * , and therefor we do n't care about them . 
we hate the tom bereng charact in platoon , but he * matter * , and therefor we were curiou to learn about hi fate . 
here , we do n't even hate the bug -- what 's there to hate ? 
hate them would be like curs a hurricain . 
if there 's anyth realli hate there , the movi doe n't know how to give it to us . 
the screenwrit ( ed neumeier -- perhap a better appel would be `` screen typist `` ) and director ( the increasingli talent-impair paul verhoeven ) have not found ani way to make the charact or the stori serv each other . 
one of the subplot concern a woman pilot who 's great at get out of tight situat , and doe it again and again and again . 
onc or twice is fine . 
by the fifth or sixth time , it 's worn out it welcom . 
there 's never ani sens that these peopl are realli think their way out of anyth , or realli be test to show their mettl . 
also , the movi is irritatingli select with how effect the bug are to earthl weaponri . 
if a bug ha one of the human scream in it grasp , then five guy can stand around it and blast away on full auto without do a damn thing . 
but if one human get corner , he lay wast to whole platoon of bug with one clip . 
uh-huh . 
the veri worst featur of the movi is it repuls quasi-fascist flavor . 
i say `` quasi- `` becaus while the movi use mani of the trap of fascism ot erotic it action -- the gear , the uniform , etc . -- the movi doe n't have the nerv ( or the brain ) to be genuin fascist , or intellig about the subject . 
the bumper between scene , which are appar intend to parodi wartim recruit propaganda are propaganda -- just so clumsi and oafish that they wind up make the bug look rel innocu in comparison . 
like the rest of the movi . 
there 's more , i suppos , but it 's not worth it . 
the act is bland , neither arsen nor gravi ; the music dispos ; the camerawork turgid . 
the heartbreak thing is that it make independ day look like a masterpiec . 
