out of sight director steven sorderbergh baffl the hell out of us all in the limey , a cold , uninvolv , confus new thriller . 
though the plot descript may at first seem like it came from the pen of elmor leonard ( author of out of sight , as well as jacki brown , get shorti and pulp fiction ) , after you watch it , you realiz that it 's not nearli good enough . 
in an aggress non-linear fashion , the limey ( li * mey , noun : an english gentleman ) tell the stori of wilson ( terrenc stamp ) , a british ex-con just releas from a 9 year stint in prison for arm robberi . 
he ha come to the us to seek vengeanc for the death of hi daughter jenni . 
he doe n't know much about the circumst of her demis , all he ha is a name : terri valentin . 
valentin wa jenni 's former boyfriend , a wealthi and corrupt record execut . 
he 's play by peter fonda , in hi first major role sinc the terrif ule 's gold in 1997 . 
seek valentin 's reclus place of resid turn out to be no easi task for wilson . 
he final find the impress abod high in the mountain and sneak in just as valentin is have a big parti . 
he wind up break hi cover eventu , set off valentin 's head of secur and valentin himself , who decid to run for it . 
what a mess . 
i have no problem when film refus to be constrict by the linear of time -- pulp fiction , which twist time everi which way , wa a masterpiec -- but i do take except to movi that decid to play around with it for no reason other than to confus the viewer . 
the limey doe exactli that . 
the plot is permeat with flashback , flash-forward and what can onli be describ as random time-travel , without ani evid purpos . 
there is no method to thi movi 's mad . 
it use a fanci way to tell a stori that would be better off told more convent and more comprehend . 
the plot is n't particularli interest in the first place : tradit , mildli hackney and not veri involv . 
thi is a sort of brood film -- our protagonist doe n't speak much and the action sequenc are done with an annoyingli perfunctori attitud . 
i felt like the director wa n't veri interest in the proceed himself , almost like he made thi film for a paycheck . 
ditto for the edit , which seem to be deliber sloppi and unpleas . 
sixti icon terrenc stamp manag to at least be menac as the age crimin . 
he 's not much in the way of statur but he ha a surprisingli impos physic presenc that work to hi advantag here . 
peter fonda is an unbeliev underr actor : he 's shi , quiet but alway effect . 
he 's adept at convey emot through speech rather than express : hi feel do n't alway show on hi face by you can alway tell what they are . 
thi is basic a convent thriller told in a pretenti bizarr fashion . 
whi soderbergh could n't just parrot down and tell a stori , i do n't know , but what he doe do certainli doe n't work . 
the result is a wild cornucopia of imag that amount to precis nil -- even the action scene do n't work . 
1999 may have signifi the death of the tradit act one - act two - act three storylin , but obvious some movi have not yet transcend it . 
shall we go back to basic ? 
