when it come to the averag teenag romant comedi , i expect neg review from critic left and right . 
predict , unorigin , and forgett will most like be the three adject to haunt the down to you 's and the drive me crazi 's releas by the dozen these last coupl of year . 
what i realli look for in thi kind of movi is the entertain valu while i 'm sit in the theater . 
am i enjoy myself ? 
is thi a comfort break from my week of final ? 
thi is whi i have given film like final destin or road trip high mark ; i had a parti of a time wast my money on someth i wo n't rememb next week . 
so last week i open up the new york time - and , no surpris , boy and girl got a neg review . 
daili news ? 
neg . 
reelview ? 
neg . 
epinion . com ? 
neg . 
thi wa noth new . 
american pie , final destin , road trip did n't get such hot review and i love those guilti pleasur . 
same goe for she 's all that , a formula but enjoy pygmalion adapt that got unjustli pound . 
sinc boy and girl reunit she 's all that director robert iscov and actor freddi prinz jr . , i predict d ? j ? vu al over again . 
but , still curiou , i ask around my school and from the one or two peopl who had seen it , the reaction were far from posit . 
i had made up my mind ; i 'll catch it on video or cabl in a coupl of year . 
but , soon after , follow a seri of unexpect event ( we could n't get into shaft becaus it is rate r ) , i found myself watch boy and girl . 
whoop . 
boy and girl is about a `` nerdi , smart `` boy name ryan ( prinz jr . ) and a `` popular , flirt `` girl name jennif ( clair forlani ) . 
briefli meet as pre-teen and now attend the same colleg , the two bump into each other so mani time that eventu they becom best friend . 
but in the movi , a male and a femal can not be friend without have that nag feel of attract for each other . 
with advic from their roommat ( amanda detmer , jason bigg ) , ryan and jennif attempt to discov the true mean of their relationship . 
the film definit live up to the dread three adject - and mindless entertain is nowher to be found . 
i could hardli sit through the 93 minut run time for sever reason . 
the dialogu is probabl the worst i have ever seen in ani movi , mainli becaus the whole movi depend on the bore script and the ridicul word these charact use is what hollywood think kid can relat to . 
it is almost offens . 
an exampl of an insight convers : 
`` you 're dumb . 
dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb . `` 
`` no . `` 
( follow by a mandi moore-esqu tune background ) 
( well it 's not as bad as wing command i guess ) 
the support cast is also pain useless . 
detmer and bigg stand in the way for anyth interest to happen with their own bore , pointless subplot . 
and although thi is suppos to be from both perspect of the human sex , prinz jr 's ryan domin the screen while forlani 's jennif simpli act as a dilemma for him to work with . 
we never learn anyth about jennif which is a shame too becaus forlani is the onli actor to bring ani life into her charact . 
teenag or not : you 'll hate thi movi , i guarante it . 
mayb i should rent she 's all that again . 
is it realli as good as i think it is ? 
