talk about a movi that seem date befor it even hit the theater ! 
spice world is the featur film debut of the pre-fabr pop band , the spice girl . 
it 's intend as a sort of hard day 's night , but end up simpli hard to watch . 
when watch the spice girl , i 'm remind of an old saturday morn cartoon trick ( such as from the smurf , the snork , or teenag mutant ninja turtl ) in which ident anim creatur are differenti into charact mere by one person quirk and a differ name . 
the spice girl are themselv as interchang as pringl , and about as talent . 
there 's ginger ( geri halliwel ) , the braini one , sporti ( melani chisholm ) , the athlet one , babi ( emma bunton ) , the childish one , posh ( victoria adam ) , the fashion-consci one , and scari ( melani brown ) , the one with a tongu pierc back so far you 're almost certain the post stick out her throat . 
the film itself doe n't realli have a plot . 
it follow the girl as they travel here and there , culmin at their `` first live perform `` at albert hall . 
the action , howev , seem more like a hodgepodg of mismatch idea . 
the variou misfir includ : an alien encount , a fiendish tabloid editor scheme to wreck the spice girl , the shoot of a spice girl documentari , a movi produc ( georg wendt ) tri to pitch variou idea for a spice girl movi ( nearli all of which , though incred far fetch , seem more plausibl than the mess with which they end up ) , a meet with a pregnant friend ( whose sole purpos seem to be to maintain the film maxim that all pregnant charact must give birth befor the movi end ) , a boat adventur , a bu race , club-hop ( wherein appar no one notic the famou spice girl among the crowd . . . even 
when they start to sing ) , and an assort number of music perform , press confer , and gener all-around celebr stuff . 
whew . 
for some reason , the film is litter with star cameo . 
from elton john to elvi costello , from bob hoskin to meat loaf . 
heck , even roger moor show up , though he ca n't decid if he 's parodi himself as jame bond , or if he 's lobbi to be the reincarn of ernst stavro blofeld . 
richard e . grant ha the largest secondari part , a thankless role of the band 's manag , clifford . 
the celebr spot is partial amus , and a decent way to pass the time when confront with the rest of the film . 
neither amus or spontan , when the spice girl are between song they are deadli bore . 
their song are alright , but they play like lifeless adapt of the music video . 
my advic to fan is : stay home and watch that video collect , or at least spin that cd a coupl of more time . . . either 
option will be more enjoy than the film . 
non-fan should know to stay well away from thi one . 
