my giant is two movi for the price of one , but neither is worth the cost of admiss , even if you get in free . 
as lame direct by michael lehmann , the pictur tri to be a comedi by use and reus everi giant joke in the book . 
( `` without goliath , david is just some punk throw rock . `` ) 
languidli pace throughout , the movi becom increasingli lugubri as the screenplay by david seltzer ( the omen ) meander toward it sad end . 
sinc it 's rare funni or convincingli dramat , what the filmmak thought they were do remain a mysteri . 
other than a few nice visual , there 's noth to recommend the pictur . 
with great film comedi under hi belt from when harri met salli ? to the origin citi slicker , billi crystal ha shown that he 's more than the world 's best oscar host . 
he doe , howev , have a propens for choos hopeless materi as in last year 's father 's day and thi year 's my giant . 
one wonder if he read the script befor agre to go ahead with a project . 
sure read the one for my giant would have shown that there wa noth there . 
perhap he thought he could ad lib it into success . 
or mayb he want to be a dramat actor and thought he could do someth seriou with the movi 's somber tone . 
the most charit thing that could be said about it is that it is so ineffectu that peopl will probabl forget they saw it by the next day . 
thi one-jok movi 's singl idea is to place real-lif basketbal player gheorgh muresan , who stand seven and a half feet tall , into as mani visual strike situat as possibl . 
sammi ( crystal ) , an agent current without client , is rescu after a car accid by a sweet romanian giant name max ( muresan ) . 
after throw out constant one-lin ( `` either god is in the salvag busi or big foot just took my car . `` ) , 
sammi decid to get seriou , see max as hi meal ticket . 
and although he doe n't like it , he 's will to sign max up to do disgust event like a wrestl match with a half-dozen dwarf . 
( the movi itself know no bound as it contain one of the most putrid and lengthi vomit scene ever . ) 
after a seri of miss opportun , the comed part of the movi is over , and it turn into a cheap and maudlin diseas movi . 
we learn that max 's condit is termin , and he will soon die . 
to be fair , the movi doe contain a few good scene - all of which you can see in the trailer . 
let 's hope billi get himself a pair of read glass befor he sign up for anoth movi . 
my giant run too long even at just 1 : 37 . 
it is rate pg for violenc and profan and would be accept for kid around ten and up . 
my son jeffrey and hi friend matthew , both 9 , gave the movi a singl star and had noth good to say about it . 
matthew point out that it `` is not as good as it could have been or should have been . `` 
( amen . ) 
he went on to comment that he did not like the way the movi chang complet in the middl . 
jeffrey complain particularli about how gross the movi wa . 
