would you believ -- in real life , i mean -- that if you were julia robert , that you 'd be the ugli underdog to your sister , the creepi catherin zeta-jon ? 
let me tell you what realiti is . 
realiti is that you are megastar julia frick robert and your brother is eric robert , and he pick up whatev crumb of stardom fall off your coattail as you blaze across the sky in a golden chariot . 
that 's realiti . 
america 's sweetheart is the opposit of realiti , a train wreck that tri to sell julia as a scruffi also-ran , presum becaus she wear horn-rim glass and use to be overweight ( uh-huh ) . 
the plot follow two marri , mega-movi star , gwen and eddi ( zeta-jon and poor , poor john cusack , whose materi get wors everi year ) , on the eve of their new star vehicl 's releas , a film call time over time . 
the onli problem : gwen and eddi have gone through a nasti separ , and the press and public have not been forgiv ( think meg and denni ) . 
gosh , and the director ha vanish with the film , hold the onli print hostag . 
veteran pr agent lee ( billi crystal ) is call upon to clean up the mess , throw a press junket in the nevada desert to woo them with the stori of a possibl reconcili between the gwen and eddi , presum distract the stupid , stupid film critic into forget they have n't seen the movi at all . 
( note to soni : ani studio execut that think thi plot is go to win point with the review press need to check into rehab . ) 
and did i mention gwen 's sister kiki ( robert ) is along for the ride ? 
and that she and eddi just might fall in love along the way ? 
oh billi , you 're a scamp ! 
the script you 've co-written with peter tolan ( what planet are you from ? 
and bedazzl -- need i say more ? ) is a roast of hollywood and celebr , sure , but it 's not a funni one . 
ye , crystal tell us , hollywood is lie to our face ! 
if you are surpris by thi , you might want to check on your subscript to peopl magazin . 
it 's about to expir . 
asid from a scant few zinger ( yeah , se ? or winc rule ! ) , 
america 's sweetheart ' joke are n't funni , it pace is choppi , and the whole affair come off as a vaniti project -- not for headlin star julia robert -- but for billi crystal to deliv a bunch of lame punch line that he wrote himself . 
i did n't time it ( the movi 's not that bad ) , but it 's crystal who realli ha the most screen time and is the unequivoc focu of the film . 
bad move , billi -- your joke suck . 
the crotch humor is outpac onli by the mean of the movi 's gag -- and with unsubtl sexual innuendo drip from everi scene , how thi movi earn a pg-13 rate is a mysteri to me . 
julia overcam a lot of spite write and act to make my best friend 's wed into a win film , but not even that 90-tooth smile can save her here . 
obvious awar of the ugli befor him , director joe roth turn to goofi support charact like hank azaria ( as a lisp spaniard ) , christoph walken ( the insan time over time director ) , and alan arkin ( a new age guru in a fright wig ) to crack wise . 
none of the stereotyp is success except for walken ; azaria come off as a preen queen when he 's suppos to be macho . 
as for roth , in case you do n't know , went from direc reveng of the nerd ii to launch hi own movi studio , revolut , which produc thi work . 
he 's back behind the camera for the first time in 11 year . 
it 'll probabl be anoth 11 befor he 's back again . 
i could drone on about how america 's sweetheart will onli appeal to the mouth-breath moron who talk on their cell phone dure the movi , but that would get old . 
instead , i 'll settl for discuss the movi 's worst sin : that sweetheart is pain contriv and wholli unbeliev , not just in it plot but in it sentiment . 
everi singl charact in thi film ( with the arguabl except of kiki ) is simpli hate , and put them in a romant comedi is a wast of a bunch of villain . 
when you leav the theater , you 'll ask yourself , too : whi would i want ani of these jerk to be happi ? 
