note to screenwrit and self : when you hit the big time , and the studio come knock for those script that are sit in your bottom drawer , tell ? em all to hit the road . 
gilligan wrote the arbitrarily-titl home fri ten year ago ; it wa shelv until he found success as one of `` the took a second look at gilligan 's `` comedi `` - they read it again wear rose-tint glass . 
drew star as salli , a dim ( but sweet ) , pregnant waitress at a small town burger joint locat somewher in the southern unit state . 
the father of her child is dead , the victim of a sever heart attack brought on by sadist tortur from hi two stepson - these flyboy scare him with their low-fli helicopt . 
dorian ( wilson ) and angu ( busey ) were get even for hi philand way on behalf of their anguish mother ( o'hara ) . 
troubl is , salli pick up some interfer on her drive-thru headset , and angu worri she may have heard convers that took place in the helicopt prior to the accident kill . 
so dorian goe undercov as a burger-flipp ; befor you can say `` with chees `` he fall for the mother-to-b . 
too bad mom and angu have homicid plan for salli . 
doe thi sound like a movi you want to see ? 
without a doubt , the best thing about home fri is barrymor ; at the risk of sound sexist , she 's never look better than here , as a curli redhead with twinkl eye . 
she is win in a role that requir her to do absolut noth except look apple-cheek cute and gawk at wilson , her real-lif boyfriend . 
but the plot and the situat are so off-put that noth could save it . 
thi movi desper want to get mention in the same breath as the coen brother , but home fri ' brand of labour hip would be foreign to genius like ethan and joel . 
it 's rais arizona without babi , without charm , without laugh , without human charact , and without intellig ; worst of all , it 's creepi . 
what 's funni about threaten to gun down a pregnant woman with a machin gun ? 
( unless the woman in question is a spice girl . ) 
take out the helicopt , the quasi-incestu relationship between the mother and her son ( it is absolut illog , within the movi 's framework , that dorian still live with hi mother and brother ) , and the scene of murder ( attempt and otherwis ) , and what are you left with ? 
the stori of a singl woman with child who work at a fast food joint ( but dream of becom a countri singer ) . 
that could turn out to be the most bore movi ever made , but it 'd be better than home fri . 
