`` first rule of fight club is , do n't talk about fight club . `` 
thi quot deal directli with my opinion of thi film , becaus quit frankli , it 's not even worth mention . 
director david fincher ( seven ) ha complet gone over the edg . 
with crude humor , an intoler script and 2 hour and 19 minut of pure tortur , i 'm surpris i did n't walk out . 
thi just goe to show that hype kill . 
it 's veri rare that a film so hype up as `` fight club `` turn out to be noteworthi , and thi is no except . 
the stori goe like thi . 
edward norton is an insomniac tri to enlighten hi dull life by go to a varieti of diseas therapi session , until he meet marla ( helena bonham carter ) . 
norton claim that she is wreck hi pleasur lifestyl , when he spot her at a session that he also attend . 
appar the diseas session help them see what life is like , liter live in pain . 
whi ani person would think of such a thing is beyond me , but thing do get wors . 
norton is soon assign to a job that call for travel , and it 's on a plane that he meet tyler durden ( brad pitt ) . 
the two men develop a bond , and go out to a bar , and by golli after they get drunk , the two piti charact fight . 
how do they come up with thi stuff ? 
anyway , their fight catch other pathet loser 's attent , and a club is form . 
out of all thi mess , there manag to lie a messag . 
fincher show us that societi is like robot . 
we work in our job do thing step by step , and want out . 
our insan get to our brain and make thing wors than they realli are , and we blame it on other . 
call me crazi , but thi is common knowledg . 
i think fincher wa act as if the film is moodier and more poignant than it realli is , which is probabl one of the reason it fail miser . 
even with two good actor , and a solid actress , they onli manag to weaken the stori . 
i could n't help but hide my face in shame when norton beat himself up into a bloodi pulp . 
it just show how desper the script is for attent . 
i guess brad pitt wa right for thi role , becaus i felt like beat him up myself . 
hi bothersom and depress charact , made me disgust at hi 20 million fee . 
it onli show me that he wa in it for the money and noth more . 
helena bonham carter howev realli had no purpos . 
she just pop up on screen , mumbl some line , smoke and left . 
thi continu for what seem like 6 hour . 
the film drag on and my headach get bigger , while `` fight club `` near what i think might be the end . 
unfortun by then , the film hit rock bottom . 
though the conclus kept my interest for a mere 5 minut , it back down again and continu to move at a snail pace . 
on a side note , the trailer show the onli redeem element of the film , that coincident last the same amount of time that they did on the trailer . 
fincher will hope regret make thi film or at least learn a lesson . 
concentr on the atmospher or a particular key moment , wo n't do ani good if everyth els is in need of support . 
also , i 'm afraid that immatur men might respond to the film 's violenc . 
the last thing the world need is peopl prais a leader of a pointless cult . 
when the film end , i 'm just glad to get home and take some advil . 
you 'll either enjoy what the film ha to offer , or agre with ed norton when he say `` thi is so f * * * ing stupid . `` 
