mr . nice guy is the latest jacki chan film , so you should know what to expect . 
a weak plot , terribl dialogu , veri littl act abil , but some jaw-drop action sequenc that nearli make the rest of it worthwhil . 
howev , mr . nice guy lack the sparkl of jacki 's best effort , and it weak are more glare than ever . 
jacki chan play , who els , jacki . 
thi time out , he 's a famou chef who host an australian cook show . 
not that it ever make a differ in the plot . 
there are onli two scene of him cook . 
for the rest of the film , somehow he mutat into jacki chan , supercop . 
it never doe explain whi hi charact ha such superb martial art skill . . . perhap he wa in the same cook class as steven seagal in under sieg ? 
a tv newswoman , diana ( gabriel fitzpatrick ) , covertli tape a drug deal involv kingpin giancarlo ( richard norton ) and a local gang of tough , the demon . 
although she onli ha one camcord , somehow the result is full of close-up and multipl angl . . . hmmm , 
shade of broadcast news ? ? ? 
anyway , the goon discov diana , and will do anyth to recov the tape . 
here lie anoth crucial flaw in the stori : doe n't anyon realiz you can copi a tape ? 
oh well , no one ever said jacki chan movi had to make sens . 
as luck would have it , diana run across jacki , and , would n't you know it , jacki accident end up with the tape . 
thi lead to countless chase and/or fight scene which look like they could have been lift from rumbl in the bronx or nearli ani other jacki chan movi . 
in a move appar design to woo american ( and other english-speak ) audienc , the film use english as it primari languag . 
howev , that doe n't mean an end to the atroci dub that ha afflict jacki 's recent american releas . 
strang , mani of the charact speak english are overdub with english , and poorli too . 
whether thi is just a veri bad case of loop , an effort to minim accent , or a simpl case of nostalgia , it doe achiev the same level of distract present in all of jacki 's dub film . 
the plot in mr . nice guy is neglig , mere an excus to have jacki on the run from variou goon . 
but even though plot have alway been second to the action in jacki 's film , it seem odd that the filmmak have stuck us with thi tire retread . 
look , if you have jacki chan play a chef , whi not use that to your advantag ? 
watch jacki do hi stuff in a kitchen , beat the bad guy with foodstuff sound like the perfect setup for innumer comic stunt . 
the action is a mix bag here . 
there 's realli onli one no hold bar fight scene that have becom the trademark of jacki 's film . 
it take place in the arbitrari locat of a construct site , appar for the sole reason that there are lot of nifti thing lie around that can be use ala jacki chan . 
the action in the film is neither jacki 's best nor worst , but you long for some more inspir in the scene . 
the film 's gratuit use of slow motion is distract . 
onc or twice , it may be use to highlight a spectacular stunt sequenc . 
but to slo-mo jacki run ? 
either thi is a nod to the six-million dollar man , or a pathet attempt to disguis the fact that jacki may be slow down . 
if you 've seen all of jacki 's film and are in need of anoth fix , go ahead and see mr . nice guy . 
howev , if you 're just in the mood for some good action , you 'd be better off hit the video store for some of hi better work , such as supercop . 
