'traffic violat ' dr . daniel 's review of u-turn 
dr . d 's rate : critic condit ( 
okay , here 's the deal . 
i 'll be the first one to grant that everybodi need a day off now and then . 
i 'll even go so far as to say that a vacat is a necessari part of do ani job well . 
i mean , hey , i 've been known to stretch a weekend into a three-day outing , if friday look to be a slow day . 
and if monday ai n't look like a pick-me-up , well , i 've been known to give martha nell a call and say , `` do me a favor , sweetheart . 
bump old man ferguson 's boil lanc to tuesday morn , and tell miss audrey that i 'll swing by her hous monday even and see if we ca n't get her trick knee back in line . `` 
a simpl sentenc like that , and i 've got a nice four-day fish trip with the boy , or more often than not , a trip up to cheroke , n . c . , for jackpot bingo and assort other mountain funneri . 
but the point is , if you take a day off , do someth differ . 
if you 've work yourself silli for month , relax a bit . 
sleep in . 
eat pancak at noon . 
microwav an egg in it shell . 
watch pro wrestl with the sound off . 
listen to some barri white record at high speed . 
whatev . 
but do not , under ani circumst , spend your vacat do the same thing you do for a live . 
and , if you do , do n't make the final product look ten time wors than it would ani other time . 
becaus i do not want to hear your sob stori , oliv stone . 
you appar thought you need a break from make `` import film . `` 
cool . 
so you found thi hinki littl book and decid to make it a movi . 
that 's cool , too . 
but , olli , old sage , do not take a good stori and a hot cast and make one of the most pointless and worthless film of the decad . 
i 'm just eager to meet you one day , so i can buy you a stoli , look you in the eye and say , `` what in the wide world of sport were you think with u-turn ? `` 
and i 'll stand there stare 'til i get a straight answer . 
sean penn star u-turn , as bobbi , a drifter who 's had some troubl a while back . 
he 's head cross the desert minu two finger when hi mustang ragtop blow a radiat hose , strand him in superior , arizona , held there by an `` ignor , inbr , turtleneck hick `` of a mechan name darrel . 
while darrel put a new hose on the ride , bobbi walk into town to see what 's cook . 
is it needless of me to say that superior , arizona , is not exactli the shini scrub home of all thing love ? 
probabl not . 
bobbi meet up with grace ( jennif lopez ) , who invit him back to her place , for drape-hang and other domest issu . 
just as those issu are start up , grace 's husband , jake , storm in , look like check-out day of the elk lodg convent . 
just beat bobbi silli . 
bobbi take to the road , onli to meet up with jake again , and jake ask bobbi to kill grace . 
a littl while later , grace ask bobbi to kill jake . 
them murder arizonian . 
got ta love 'em . 
if ani of thi sound familiar , congratul . 
you win a kewpi doll . 
the stori is a straight shoplift of red rock west , a cult favorit a few year back from john dahl , maker of the phenomen the last seduct . 
but the contest doe n't end there , guy and gal . 
we get steal from russ meyer movi , where everybodi in town is horni and sweati . 
we get the town from bad day at black rock , minu the train , plu busti women who can speak . 
look at ani schwarzenegg film , and you 'll see our hero , bobbi , as bobbi ha a mudhol stomp in hi keister a dozen time , ha hi rib stove in at least fifteen time , get bit by a tarantula , get shot at , and end up with vultur circl overhead , all the while get up like he just got a shave nick . 
bobbi as termin ? 
stretch it a bit , and we have a five-fing discount from doc hollywood , where the whole stori occur becaus of car troubl , forc the main charact to stay at the merci of the town and the mechan . 
okay , he 's work from a book , so mayb olli 's not total to blame for blatantli cop these idea . 
i just expect a man who can make up an altern histori of the unit state to be abl to craft a few origin idea befor expos the neg . 
i just wish he had n't brought a cast like thi togeth for what amount to a group toe-stub . 
sean penn give a great perform , and jennif lopez and nick nolt are as on target as they can be , play over-the-top caricatur of stereotyp charact . 
the best thing about the movi is watch penn react to the mad around him and tri to figur out exactli what the blankety-blank is go on . 
too bad it 's not fun to watch when it 's happen to us . . . while 
we sit through thi mess of a film . 
u-turn is not a bad film if you 're a fan of techniqu . 
it 's the oliv stone you 've alway known . 
robert richardson is hi usual cinematograph , and rob and olli know how to shoot a flick -- great camera angl , shift viewpoint , wick color , nice look pictur . 
but pictur of what ? 
i think i 'd rather stare at a xerox envelop for two hour than tri to figur out the tilt-o-whirl point of thi loser film . 
plot twist are one thing , repetit is almost unforgiv , and thi is dang near as unforgiv as ani movi i 've seen in the past five year . 
oliv , i know your bodi of work is noth to sniff at . 
you 've been nice enough to limit us to onli one door movi , and film like platoon , jfk , wall street and nixon give us plenti to dig on . 
your script are certainli respect , your budget are up there on the screen , and your actor do n't dog it . 
and i know that , mayb , with u-turn , you were just kick back , just have fun . 
that 's fine . 
but do n't do that with a movi with the potenti of thi one . 
do some polic academi sequel ( imagin that . ) 
do a big comedi , like a remak of it 's a mad , mad , mad , mad world . 
but do not drop a limp u-turn out of your pocket and expect us to accept it as `` an oliv stone movi , `` and not question whi it stink like week-old snook . 
there 's a right way to have fun , and a wrong way to have fun . 
thi wa as wrong as you can get without go to jail . 
