ahh ye . 
the teenag romanc . 
an attract young cast is pit into an unlik scenario that could onli happen in the movi , and in the end , the guy alway get the girl . 
and with the arriv of the breakout hit ` she 's all that ' last year ( follow by a long catalogu of imit includ ` 10 thing i hate about you ' and ` drive me crazi ' ) , the genr previous on life support is onc again a hot commod . 
along now come ` down to you ' . 
the folk at miramax are obvious tri to capit on the rabid ` she 's all that ' craze with their latest project , which ha the studdli freddi prinz jr . attach and all . 
onli ` down to you ' doe n't have the ? unlik scenario ' mention abov . 
it is an extraordinarili ordinari romanc - a dull , unattract teen comedi that stick to the bore game plan that we 're accustom to . 
thi is the kind of romanc that onli giggli 12-year old girl will find convinc . 
in strictli textbook fashion , colleg sophomor and aspir chef al ( prinz jr . ) meet freshman artist imogen ( julia stile ) . 
they hit it off like a coupl can onli in the movi . 
from here , it 's the standard boy-meets-girl , boy-loses-girl , boy-drinks-entire-bottle-of-shampoo-and-may-or-may-not-get-girl-back stori . 
the plot is conveni assembl to suit the requir of the main charact , who are frequent take part in activ that . . . . 
well , onli happen in the movi . 
fortun , the cast of ` down to you ' ha a certain appeal . 
freddi prinz jr . and julia stile are an ador coupl , and when on screen togeth , they radiat the sort of warmth and charisma that the movi should have center around . 
zak orth , as the newli realiz porn star monk , show an unmistak flair with handl all of the film 's intellig dialogu . 
round out the impress ensembl of young talent are shawn hatosi ( ` the faculti ' ) , selma blair ( ` cruel intent ' ) and ashton kutcher ( tv 's ` that 70 's show ' ) . 
even the fonz himself - henri winkler , the epitom of teenag angst and nostalgia - ha a welcom role as al 's dad , the host of the popular cook program ` chef ray ' . 
mayb the concept of ` down to you ' look good on paper to draw such a crowd . 
as a featur film , howev , the finish product is bland and tasteless fluff with onli an occasion whiff of cute to keep the gear from stop entir . 
perhap worst of all , ` down to you ' is not funni . 
the joke are drawn from obviou sourc and the result humor is banal and uninspir . 
the charact on screen , often laugh at each other 's goofy/embarrass antic , seem far more amus than the audienc . 
even the giggli 12-year old girl had grown restless toward the end as they wait impati for the formula to run it 's cours . 
the one mildli clever segment featur winkler and prinz jr . in a fantasi sequenc call ` cook ' , a ` cop ' take-off in which the father and son would storm hous and cook a decent meal for ? needi ' famili ( with the assist of a fully-arm swat team , of cours ) . 
when thi is the highlight reel , you know the remain film could leav someth to be desir . 
in order to make a teen comedi work , you 've got to have charact that show someth by way of depth and ident . 
` 10 thing i hate about you ' actual featur charact who were more than walk flashcard , and the result wa refresh . 
no such luck with ` down to you ' . 
it 's just a textbook romanc where , despit absurd circumst , everyth is bound to work out in the end . 
and at the end of the whole clich ? d ordeal , the nicest thing you could possibl say would be ` . . . . 
onli in the movi ' . 
