for better or wors , the appear of basic instinct in the movi marketplac gave the greenlight to a whole slew of overh , oversex , underwritten thriller . 
appar not have joe eszterha as the writer doe n't chang a thing , sinc bodi of evid wa n't written by him , but ha a puzzl eszterhas-ish presenc all over it . 
in other word , it 's a ) realli dirti and b ) realli , realli stupid . 
madonna ( first warn sign ) star in bodi of evid as a woman who ha pile of money and no appar job ; she live on a houseboat and like to parad around semi-nak , presum for the edif of the shrimp . 
she 's been accus of have murder an older man who wa her lover . 
alreadi two classic exampl of hollywood sexism are in effect -- the first be that ani woman in a movi can not be sexual unless she 's under thirti ( or at least look it ) , and that they usual onli exist for the sake of stud or filthi rich older men . 
what 's wors is that the movi confirm all the abov , and wallow in them as well . 
madonna 's charact is accus of forc sex on the old goat when she knew darn well he had a heart condit . 
( and ye , there are the obligatori crack from the cop about how at least he die happi . 
thi movi leav no scummi stone unturn . ) 
anyway . willem dafo ( veri good but complet wast ) also star as the lawyer who is doom to run afoul of madonna 's sexual . 
how do we know thi ? 
becaus hi charact is set up with the token wife and kid . 
how obviou is it that he 's gon na cheat on her and have to fess everyth up ? 
and get kick out of the hous ? 
and get welcom back anyway ? 
do n't skip to the end yet ; we 're just get warm up . 
dafo and madonna have a lot of sex in thi movi . 
most of it is about as erot as open-heart surgeri , sinc it involv such goodi as hot candlewax ( alway the kink of choic among screenwrit who do n't know the first thing about * realli * kinki sex ) and smash light bulb . 
do n't ask . 
anoth thing that peopl are start to realiz about explicit sex in movi is that unless it is critic import to the stori , it 's insan dull . 
what 's wors is that bodi of evid is dull * everywher * , not just in the sex scene . 
the stuff in the courtroom is recycl ninth-hand from other bad courtroom drama scene . 
the thriller busi itself is ridicul -- it involv nasal spray bottl and drug , and juergen prochnow as a surli doctor . 
and the end -- anoth homag to eszterha , mayb ? 
-- is one of those end where you can almost see the exact * frame * where one of the five or six variou end to thi mess wa splice in . 
the director is uli edel , all the more disappoint sinc he also direct the elegiac and power last exit to brooklyn and christian f . everyon ha to eat , i guess , but thi is n't a meal ticket , it 's leftov . 
