befor the remak of psycho appear , we 've got to suffer through thi remak of an earlier hitchcock film , dial m for murder . 
as usual , hollywood ha fill it with glitz and big name star , and it all amount to a loud sound noth . 
the film open with emili ( paltrow ) and david ( viggo mortensen ) 'have fun ' in an loft apart . 
the problem is , paltrow is marri to stephen ( dougla ) , who is not too happi when he discov thi affair . 
if i wa paltrow , though , i 'd definit go with mortensen . 
less wrinkl . 
anyhow , stephen approach david with an interest proposit : he 'll pay him to kill hi love wife . 
mortensen agre , but the murder goe awri , and the twist keep on come as the film progress . 
unfortun , the film dose n't progress veri fast . 
in fact , it move like a tortois with arthriti ( read : veri , veri s-l-o-w . ) 
the plot move nowher fast , and onli becom excit in veri short burst . 
not too good for a 'thriller . ' 
also , the perform , apart from dougla , are below par . 
paltrow , show immens talent in se7en ( 1995 ) and slide door ( 1997 ) is strang stilt , even unconvinc , in thi movi . 
mortensen is a littl bit better , come across as a younger dougla , but hi role is n't meati enough to show all hi talent . 
which leav dougla to waltz away with the film , which is doe . 
howev , i doubt dougla find it veri hard to play a stogi smoke , drink woman with a creepi undersid . 
also pop up in the film is david suchet , play a shifti look detect . 
again , it 's not a charact we 're see on the screen , it 's david suchet . 
the director , who bought us the fugit , pile on all the flash techniqu , such as zoom-in 's , quick cut , etc . the light is also interest . 
howev , look ca n't save thi film from the depth of mediocr , and the film seem to work better in a singl set anyway . 
the screenplay is o . k , but there 's some hackney sub-plot about dougla be a ruthless player on wall street ( again ) and the end is surprisingli stupid and clich . 
the charact also make incred dumb move , especi paltrow , and stephen appear to lose all intellig in the last reel . 
with a combin of no tension , drama , or decent charact , a perfect murder is a failur all round , and an incred disappoint . 
there are a few bright moment , but they are far and few between . 
the last thing a thriller should be is bore , and although the film just bare manag to keep your interest thank to michael dougla , you would n't be miss anyth if you decid not to watch a perfect murder . 
overal rating= 
review by david wilcock ? 1998 
`` you know , for kid `` - norvil barn 
