it 's now the anniversari of the slay of juli jame ' ( jennif love hewitt ) best friend . 
still besieg by nightmarish memori of the man respons for it all , she seem to be on the verg of a nervou breakdown . 
she ca n't concentr on her schoolwork , ca n't get a good night 's sleep , and is even frighten by the shadow and the blink strobe light at a local danc club . 
everywher she look , she see vision of the man in a rubber slicker with the hook on hi hand . 
in the first movi , ` i know what you did last summer ' , juli and three of her friend accident kill a man , run him down while drive down a dark mountain highway . 
to cover their misde , they dump the bodi into the ocean . 
howev , he never quit die and return to hunt down juli and her friend . 
juli and one other , ray ( freddi prinz jr . ) , surviv onli to make thi dismal sequal . 
need some despar rest and relax , she is elat to learn that her colleg roommat , karla ( brandi ) , ha won a trip for four to a seclud tropic island . 
accompani these two girl are karla 's overbear boyfriend , tyrel ( mehki phifer ) and a potenti beau for juli . 
but wa thi contest too good to be true ? 
the resort is fill with a skeleton staff that seem like love boat reject . 
meanwhil , the hotel is practic desert as the storm season is about to begin . 
thi presum creat a venu where they will be seclud and will have no possibl mean off the island . 
eventu , they will be hunt down dure power outag and chase around dure intens lightn storm . 
as you might have guess , somewher in the shadow lurk a mysteri strang figur that is wear a rubber slicker and wield a hook . 
juli tri to convinc her friend that the killer is on the island ( an eeri touch is when she is sing `` i will surviv `` at the karaok bar and the word scroll `` i still know . . . `` ) , but her friend chalk it up to paranoia . 
but the bodi count soon start to rise , and for juli , it 's go to be the worst vacat of her life . 
the funni ( ye , i use the word 'funni ' ) thing about thi movi is that i heard more chortl and giggl ( mayb it wa my giggl ) than i heard scream . 
thi movi boil down to a mindless slashfest that never conjur up ani amount of wri wit or even a quirki campi . 
there is n't even ani suspens that lead up to the death . 
here 's an appropri exampl . 
knock-knock . 
`` housekeep `` , say the diminuit clean ladi . 
the door suddenli open up . 
slash . 
next victim ! 
is there ani reason to go and see thi movi ? 
not unless you want to see four uninterest colleg kid run around in circl for about 90 minut . 
but i do want to say one thing about thi movi that satisfi me . 
i wa thoroughli irrit with tyrel , who incessantli rant and rave about hi sexual libido . 
i secretli wish for him to get fillet . 
did he get 'hook ' ? 
well , let 's just say that if he did n't , i would give thi film a grade of `` d `` . 
