edward burn tackl hi third pictur with no look back , and like hi previou two , it is a working-class relationship pictur . 
howev , unlik hi previou work , the film dwell on a more person stori , and with a femal protagonist . 
and in no look back , he stumbl , make a slow , bore film without the spark that enliven hi previou work . 
claudia ( lauren holli ) is a small town waitress who is feel stifl by her life . 
she 's at a turn point in her life , and feel as if she 's go nowher . 
her boyfriend , michael ( jon bon jovi ) , is broke and in a dead end job . 
if she were to marri him , she 'd never get a chanc to escap thi town . 
enter charli ( edward burn ) , claudia 's old flame . 
he skip town sever year befor , without ani explan . . . even 
for claudia . 
he ha come back to town to see her , and suddenli she is torn . 
should she stay with stabl michael , and never escap her hometown . . . or 
should she ignor her instinct and fall for charli again . 
part of the answer lie in the charact of her mother ( blyth danner ) , who fell for the wrong man . . . and ha spent her life pine for claudia 's father to return . 
now it seem that claudia is about to make the same mistak . 
at onli a littl past nineti minut , no look back is rather short for it genr . 
unfortun , it seem much much longer . 
the storylin is simpl and uninspir , and there 's a lack of energi to the whole proceed , which make the entir drama rather tediou . 
edward burn make a misstep by cast himself in the crucial role as the egomaniac old flame . 
there 's no one to restrain hi ego , which reign uncheck . 
he walk into the room and lauren holli swoon . . . yeah , 
right . 
lauren holli doe what she can with her central charact . 
but we never understand whi her charact make such pathet bad decis . . . and 
we never realli care . 
bon jovi is the onli sympathet charact in the whole movi . 
hi act talent are much greater than they might seem , but he is given a mostli bland and ineffect role to work with . 
there 's not much to recommend in no look back . 
it 's not that the film is bad . . . it 's 
simpli bore . 
there 's no zest in ani aspect of the film , and no reason to spend nineti minut watch it . 
