variou film seen at the seattl film festiv : 
it 's all true/thre men on a raft ( u . s . a . , 1942/1986 ) director : orson well 
a recent uncov one-fourth of orson well 's plan `` docu-drama `` of amaz stori around the world name it 's all true , thi short dealt with well 's attempt to document the action of sever brazilian fisherman in 1942 who had becom folk hero for their fantast voyag to rio on a raft . 
while sever clip of the film are seen , the short tend to spend more time tri to recount well 's attempt to film it , despit studio problem , a stagger workload , and extrem ill fortun on the set . 
impress photographi , but realli onli interest to film historian . 
sadi thompson ( u . s . a . , 1928 ) director : raoul walsh screenwrit : raoul walsh , from the john colton play `` rain `` , base on w . somerset maugham 's stori `` miss thompson `` cast : gloria swanson , raoul walsh , lionel barrymor silent 
after the discuss of the newly-restor version of frank capra 's lost horizon , where sever scene had been restor use still , i wa interest to see sadi thompson , where the last 5 minut of the film had been destroy mani year ago . 
thi is the silent version of the somerset maugham short stori `` miss thompson `` . 
thi is one of the most skill silent film i have ever seen -- littl awkward , and a veri clever script . 
the actor : gloria swanson , raoul walsh ( who also direct and wrote the screenplay ) and especi lionel barrymor , as the hypocrit reform who supposedli want to save sadi 's soul , but realli want to get her between the sheet , is the absolut epitom of sanctimoni scoundrel . 
swanson add real life to the charact , ad an worldli , affection air to the bawdi sadi . 
unfortun , the end is rather poorli tie up ; it is difficult to know whether thi is due to the lack of live-act film , or the origin script . 
the happi end seem particularli poorli tie on ( i can not believ maugham 's short stori end with sadi and our hero move to australia ) ; the still are expect to fill in a conclus we 've been wait an hour and a half for . 
still , it 's entertain right up to the end ; certainli barrymor 's incred hammi perform ( which , nonetheless , work , perhap due to the silent screen ) is a must for anyon who is fed up with the action of the falwel , bakker , and roberts of the religi world . 
a c movi ; worth 2 . 50 if you can find it . 
the pie piper ( czechoslovakia , 1986 ) director : jim barta screenwrit : kamil piza 
thi is an anim film from czechoslovakia that is definit not for kid . 
it tell the old folk tale of the pie piper with a twist end i find highli appropri , and with a lot of polit comment along with it . 
perhap econom content is a better word -- it certainli doe n't show capit in a good light . 
nor human natur , nor anyth els , for that matter . 
as you may have guess , thi is not a tgif film ; thi is the kind of film you are glad is over . 
not that it wa n't interest for technic reason ; thi is stop-anim that is veri well done . 
all the puppet have been care carv out of walnut -- except for the anim stuf rat . 
boy , sound like a real comedi vehicl , doe n't it ? 
add onto that set design that make the cabinet of doctor caligari absolut cheer in comparison , and you have someth to give the wee one ( and some of the mental unstabl larger folk ) to keep them up at night . 
some gore . 
do n't bring children to thi one . 
do n't bring adult to thi one , unless they 're fascin by puppetri and/or hate capit so badli they enjoy see wooden puppet rape . 
blech . 
. no fun whatsoev . 
meier ( west germani , 1986 ) director/screenwrit : peter timm cast : rainier grenkowitz , nadja engelbrecht , alexand hauff , thoma besvat sub-titl 
thi film take us back and forth over the east german/west german border with meier , an east german wallpaper whose father in the west die and leav him a good deal of money . 
hi uncl ( also in the west ) sneak meier out of the countri , unknown to the east german . 
meier , howev , is less than thrill -- hi girlfriend , hi friend and hi job ( which he like ) all exist in east germani . 
after a round-the-world trip ( hi boss think 's he 's on leav in bulgaria ) , meier start visit east germani on day visa with a fake id , and use hi money and hi connect to the west to buy hi girlfriend present and bring credit to hi work crew 's work -- while everyon think 's he 's still live in east germani . 
of cours , someth goe wrong -- and the end is veri funni , but it take the film too long to get there . 
the humor is spread too thin , and much of the plot is too obviou ( as is the act ) . 
still , a good concept for the comedi , and the last five minut are pretti funni . 
c -- $ 2 . 50 . 
the right hand man ( australia , 1986 ) director : di drew screenplay : helen hodgman cast : rupert everett , hugo weav , arthur dignam , jennif clair , catherin mcclement 
after a lifetim of movie-go , and about four year of attend the seattl intern film festiv , i 've learn sever rule which , while not absolut , should certainli be given defer to : 
1 ) be wari of french comedi . 
these peopl like jerri lewi . 
2 ) ken russel is never go to grow up , no matter how long you wait . 
3 ) ani film where siff associ director gari tucker refer to the lead as `` old pouty-lip `` is probabl not worth watch . 
4 ) when an australian film onli award credit is best cinematographi , watch out ! 
australia ha good cinematograph up the whazoo , but sinc weir and miller left for foreign shore , find a good script or director seem to be a difficult ( not imposs -- wit malcolm last year ) task . 
well , i ignor rule 3 & 4 last night , and sat through a film that should be in the golden turkey award . 
it 's as if the director wa tri to do one of those classic romanc stori that were done in the 30 's about tragedi among the gentri , and fall in love with peopl below your station , and hors . 
lot and lot of hors . 
the film open with a stallion mount a mare under the direct of her ladyship , which i guess is some kind of foreshadow , becaus the missu of the hous want to have her son produc an heir . 
unfortun , said son , a reckless idiot who faint at the veri worst time , kill hi father and lose an arm dure a race accid . 
highlight includ the amput sequenc ; the doctor 's daughter , who ha the hot for the son , tast hi urin for a diagnosi ; their tender kiss with a window between them ( while it 's rain -- you 'd think a woman studi medicin would know better ) . 
the photographi is good , but i kept wish for b & w -- everyth seem sepia-color anyway . 
actual , i wish i wa watch swim to cambodia instead , but that 's life . 
grade : z . avoid like the plagu , unless you 're look for inadvert yuk . 
