gord brodi ( tom green ) is an aspir anim approach thirti who still live in parent jim ( rip torn ) and juli 's ( juli hagerti , `` airplan `` ) basement . 
as dad declar all out war , gord secur a job in a chees sandwich factori in far off la and set off to make hi dream come true . 
gord doe n't make much of a go on hi first attempt and land back home with fawn mom and outrag dad in `` freddi got finger . `` 
tom green cowrit ( with `` tom green show `` scribe derek harvi ) , direct and star in what is essenti tom green 's primal scream . 
so , if tom green scream in an empti theater , doe he make a sound ? 
it 's clear that `` freddi got finger `` is at least partial autobiograph and green sure ha one hell of a complex about hi dad ( mom get off easier when sonni boy advis her to go out and have sex with basketbal player and greek ) . 
while thi may be of interest to hi hard core fan , there 's littl about green 's mania on display here to recommend thi movi to anyon els . 
the film start promisingli enough , with a well execut skateboard scene through a shop mall set to the sex pistol ' 'problem ' ( green 's put togeth a first rate soundtrack ) and ye , i laugh a few time . 
green 's flummox of a secur guard with psychot rambl and hi attempt to draw , make music and eat at the same time ( the 'daddi would you like some sausag ' scene repeatedli shown in the film 's trailer ) are inspir comedi . 
but what 's funni about a parapleg girlfriend who get turn on by have her leg cane or a skateboard injuri that result in an expos kneecap ? 
a babi deliveri bit show some groan-induc promis until enough blood is splatter to coagul the laugh . 
younger ( by three year ) brother freddi 's intern at the institut for sexual abus children doe noth but confirm one 's worst fear regard the film 's titl and green 's infam 'handl ' of a real hors , while not nearli as shock as it would seem , doe n't make sens . 
by the time he repeat the gag with an eleph at film 's end , the overal effect is numb . 
while `` freddi got finger `` ha the admir end result of depict the harm in demean a child 's self esteem , it 's essenti a whole lot of tom green run around be noisi . 
rip torn , what were you think ? 
