note : some may consid portion of the follow text to be spoiler . 
be forewarn . 
i wa incredul when i first heard that mgm wa plan a sequel to their 1995 science-fict flick speci . 
squander an intrigu premis , the origin film turn out to be a dread mess , wide dislik by both audienc and critic alik -- and nonetheless still somehow succeed in becom a financi success , rake in over $ 60 million domest dure the competit summer season despit a distinct lack of star power in it cast ( ben kingsley 's a splendid actor , but a marque name he ai n't ) . 
miracul dodg the bullet with the first film , i doubt that they 'd dare tempt fate and go for anoth round . 
so here come speci ii , with a new creativ team ( director peter medak and screenwrit chri brancato step in for roger donaldson and denni feldman , respect ) that fail to improv the seri one iota -- like it predecessor , speci ii fail to capit on a potenti promis kernel and instead run the gamut from ridicul silli to unmitigatedli stupid . 
the film follow the exploit of a young man , patrick ross ( justin lazard ) , whose sole focu is on cruis along the street in order to pick up women , loiter in strip club , and gener tri to bed as mani differ ladi as he possibl can . 
in other word , patrick is like a lot of guy ; these activ could describ the everyday routin of a huge percentag of men hi age , but there 's a catch -- he 's an astronaut who recent return from a seemingli success mission to mar , and who 's now infect with alien dna . 
patrick 's overrid compuls : to mate and sire countless number of gooey littl alien offspr . 
and when he becom awar of eve ( natasha henstridg ) , a half-human , half-alien clone of the monster from the first film be studi in a govern lab , patrick 's primari focu turn to her -- `` if these two were to mate , the result pure strain of offspr would be unstopp `` warn dr . laura baker ( marg helgenberg , game repris her role ) with admir convict . 
speci ii open with the mar mission , and the space scene are remark unconvinc and hokey-look , even splice back to date , graini footag of actual spacecraft activ -- they realli skimp on product valu thi time around . 
howev , thi all look posit inspir when compar to the first appear of the evil alien goo which ultim infest patrick ; watch as it slink around the command modul of the spaceship , ani question as to whether or not thi is a cheesi b-movi is quickli answer . 
mr . brancato 's origin screenplay is fill with outrag line which often leav the audienc in stitch . 
like the first film ( and perhap in homag to it ) , there 's a real penchant for dialogu which underlin the obviou . 
last time around featur the hootworthi line utter by forest whitak 's psychic empath charact upon enter a bloodsoak room -- `` someth bad happen here . `` 
thi time , laura get to stand over a fresh , shred corps with it entail rip out and mutter `` thi is aw . `` 
and she 's not even empath ! 
and when a psychot horni patrick accost a supermarket shopper and drag her kick and scream behind the build in a woefully-pac suspens sequenc , eve , who 's telepath link to her alien/human-hybrid counterpart ( whatev ) , help tell our alien-hunt protagonist , `` he 's go to rape her . `` 
while speci ii is often unintent hilari , at least it occasion demonstr a sens of humour of it own . 
there 's an amus , tongue-in-cheek bit of product placement ( which doe n't realli make much sens , but i appreci the sentiment ) , as well as some supermarket-rel hijinx ( `` he 's in aisl 1 ! `` 
inform eve ) . 
if the film maintain thi sort of light-heart tone , it would have been much more charm and enjoy to watch , but , to it detriment , it instead take it silli plot far too serious and barrel along to a bloodi , effects-laden anticlimact conclus . 
much of the film fail to make a whole lot of sens , and there are such gape plot hole that it 's terribl difficult to contain ani suspens of disbelief . 
the implaus are endless : what about the toxic bomb in eve 's brain ? 
whi are the guard arm with gun when they alreadi know firearm are ineffectu ? 
my favourit wa the slow-mot sequenc in the film where eve , sport superhuman strength , is shown toss asid guard who are attempt to contain her with what look like bodi block . 
thi is the sort of movi which leav you hold your head in amaz disbelief , incredul that it 's be foist upon the public . 
return headlin michael madsen ( who repris tough guy press lennox ) and ms . helgenberg do what they can with thi goofi screenplay , but there 's realist onli so much one can do with thi script as a basi . 
mykelti williamson ( portray astronaut denni gambl ) churn out an all-too-familiar spin on a gener brash-mouth charact , and fine charact actor georg dzundza ( play colonel burgess and look ridicul in the process ) and jame cromwel ( patrick 's neglect father , senat ross ) are utterli wast in the film . 
mr . lazard give hi charact an appropri shifty-ey look , while return vixen ms . henstridg is actual given the opportun to act in one scene ( and acquit herself nice ) , but is mostli releg to repris her familiar role of parad about in skimpi cloth ( or none at all ) . 
ms . henstridg recent comment on how some femal audienc have express appreci for her charact in the first entri of the speci seri , claim that `` she 's so empow . `` 
a lethal half-alien in heat who dispatch of her sexual partner in grotesqu fashion -- now * that 's * what i call empower . 
