one of the contributor to the destruct of the batman film franchis chri o'donnel star in thi remak of buster keaton 's 1925 silent film seven chanc . 
now i 've never seen seven chanc , as i 'm more of a chaplin fan than a keaton fan , but i serious doubt that the classic version could be as insipid as thi . 
o'donnel play jimmi shannon , the manag of a pool tabl manufactur compani . 
he also fear commit , and despit date ann ( rene zellweg ) for over three year , he 's unwil to marri her . 
hi reason ? 
well he 's a guy you see , and well , guy are like stallion , and they appar do n't like to be rope or someth ( hey , that 's the movi 's explan . . . 
i 'd marri rene zellweg in a second ) . 
eventu it come time for jimmi to propos , and when he doe , it 's the most absurd propos ever utter by a man ever . 
he essenti say to her , `` you win `` and hand her a ring . 
the audienc should now hate thi charact . 
i did . 
then the meat of the plot present itself . 
jimmi 's grandfath ( peter ustinov , complet wast ) die and leav jimmi hi entir estat of 100 million dollar as well as ownership of the pool tabl busi . 
howev , in order to get the money and save the job of the factori worker , jimmi must be marri befor hi next birthday ( which is just over 24 hour away ) . 
have blown hi chanc with ann , jimmi proce to track down all hi prior girlfriend and suggest a `` busi proposit `` . 
the movi wa n't half bad by thi time , surprisingli . 
it wa n't bore me , and even manag to read my thought at one point . 
ustinov 's charact left a video will , and while he 's read the ridicul claus in it , i thought to myself `` what is thi , brewster 's million ? `` . 
as soon as i thought it , hal holbrook 's charact actual say `` what is thi , brewster 's million ? `` 
it wa quit surreal . 
someth happen though dure the film 's final act that caus me to sharpli drop the rate it wa go to receiv . 
up to that point , all of jimmi 's prior girlfriend had turn down hi `` busi proposit `` which i felt wa good . 
at least the film wa n't paint women to be cold heart gold digger . 
when jimmi ha no other option , hi goofi friend ( play by arti lang , make a career out of play the goofi friend ) place an ad in the newspap that somehow becom a front page stori . 
at thi point , 100 , 000 women don wed gown and head off to persuad jimmi to pick them to be hi bride . 
these women arriv at jimmi 's locat and immedi start bulli him about what he 's look for in a woman . 
when he 's had enough of their unjustifi attack , he tell the angri mob that there 's been a mistak and he wo n't be marri ani of them . 
as a result , the women proceed to chase him around the citi , in hope of catch him and tear hi limb off . 
thi goe on for the rest of the film . 
it 's just chri o'donnel run from 100 , 000 obnoxi , greedi , angri and stupid women . 
my groan of disgust could be heard for mile . 
the film final end ( thank ) , but to thi day i 'm still groan . 
the bachelor is avail on dvd from new line home video . 
it contain the film in both full frame and in it origin theatric aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , cast and crew info , and special dvd-rom featur . 
the origin theatric trailer is also on the disc , which contain scene not in the film . 
appar there wa even more footag of the gang of bride chase o'donnel around the citi , and at one point o'donnel is leap from the top of buse . 
so that wa bad enough to be cut , but the other 30 minut of bride shenanigan wa good ? 
ugh . 
