plot : a separ , glamor , hollywood coupl must pretend to reunit for a press junket of the last movi that they ever shot togeth . 
kewl . . . now 
i onli wish that i could pretend never to have seen thi movi . . . 
critiqu : trite , unfunni , bore and a wast of everyon 's talent . 
how a premis with such zest and bite can turn into a movi that doe n't featur ani chemistri , ani real laugh , ani surpris or ani spice is beyond me . 
how julia robert is use sole as a `` puppi dog `` charact , putter around in the background while we endur the complet bitchi of zeta-jon ' charact , who is not one bit funni or romant ( two ideal ingredi in a `` romant comedi `` ) , is also beyond me . 
and whi they chose john cusack , a great , quirki actor in hi own right , to play the most bland , uninterest and unfetch charact ( with zero chemistri with either of hi lead ) is further more , beyond me . 
and to anybodi who decid that thi project wa `` funni `` enough to greenlight featur the talent mention abov , along with billi crystal , christoph walker , seth green and stanley tucci . . . well , 
what can i say . . . i 
just do n't have the word . 
so is thi the worst movi that i 've seen all year ? 
no . but it definit suck and it 's basic becaus . . . well , 
it 's just not funni . 
and for the record , allow me to state a few more problem with it . 
it start off slow , it 's got no energi , it doe n't engag you with ani of it charact ( julia bare get somewhat interest in the film , everyon els . . . lame ! ) , it util way too mani flashback to move the stori forward , it 's utterli predict , standard , routin , see-through and uninterest as a plot and it just sit there on the screen , big and ugli , wait . . . wait for you to laugh or find someth in it that is amus . 
and then hank azaria show up . . . aaaaaah , the film 's savior ( mind you , some might be offend by hi exagger of a stereotyp , but that 's anoth stori altogeth ) . 
but when an experienc `` voic `` actor upstag all of the main star in a summer `` blockbust `` romant comedi with an over-the-top antonio bandera accent , damn dude . . . your 
film 's in troubl ! ! 
rent thi movi on video just to see what went wrong yourself . 
the refer to ricki ricardo and senor wenc ( huh ! ? ) , the idio-plot point like when one of the charact goe on the roof to stretch hi arm out and relax , but everyon believ that he 's go to kill himself ( hardy-har-har ) and the cheap way of get the audienc to leav the theater laugh by bring back a ball-snif dog that ha no place be in the locat at the end of the movi , well . . . i 
could go on . 
but i wo n't becaus i do still respect all of the actor in thi film and actual did laugh at azaria , green and tucci 's antic from time to time ( iron , eh . . . what 
about the lead , dammit ! ) and like the premis behind the film ( befor i saw the finish product , of cours ) . 
a dud all the way around . 
btw , all the talk about thi film wa that julia robert wa to be in a fat suit for one scene ( her charact is suppos to have lost 60 pound ) , so when the scene final came , i did get a littl excit about what it might look like and then . . . well , 
it basic just look like julia robert in a fat suit ! 
ugh . 
i think i 'm gon na start drink again after thi lame-ass movi . 
c'mon hollywood , enough with the crud ! 
where 's joblo come from ? 
beauti ( 1/10 ) - my best friend 's wed ( 7/10 ) - not hill ( 5/10 ) - pretti woman ( 7/10 ) -runaway bride ( 5/10 ) - someon like you ( 4/10 ) - wed planner ( 3/10 ) - when harri met salli ( 10/10 ) - you 've got mail ( 4/10 ) 
