seen may 2 , 1998 at 3 : 40 p . m . at the crossgat cinema 18 , theater # 13 , with chri wessel and sean o'shea for $ 5 . 
[ theater rate : * * * 1/2 : veri good sound , pictur , and seat ] 
the big-budget , mega-hyp `` event `` movi is becom so trendi now it is becom a weekli routin instead of a season one . 
gluttoni is hollywood 's favorit sin , but it is the movie-go who pay the price by be dealt the same thing over and over on an ever-worsen basi . 
`` lost in space `` is the latest such offer - a film so poor it would be twice as good if it were mediocr . 
it 's made up of everi element of scienc fiction , but at no time doe it evok the slightest amount of wonder the genr wa meant for . 
audienc ' attent span are rapidli decreas and as is the trend with such film , thi one open with a fast-pac space battl which serv not onli as the most interest scene in the film ( probabl becaus it ha `` star war `` written all over it ) , but as the produc ' way of show off their budget through the special effect . 
battl scene are worthless without tension , and sinc we have no idea what the set is it 's imposs to care about anyth that happen . 
in essenc , the entir segment work like a teaser for an arcad game , not a piec of filmmak . 
we meet the robinson famili - a famili of five that doe not get along but ha been chosen to act on earth 's behalf in effort to find anoth planet worthi of colon due to the exhaust of our natur resourc . 
each member of the famili ha a special trait and person , and yet none of them seem like actual peopl . 
professor john robinson ( hurt ) is the intellig , quiet leader who ha devot so much time to hi work hi famili and marriag are suffer without hi realiz it ( it 's obviou what role thi aspect will play ) . 
of cours thi is all establish through extrem melodramat scene such as the children and parent argu and bicker among themselv and with each other , while the necessari problem are `` resolv `` at the right moment . 
the onli thing wors than the screenplay is the fact it 's present in a complet seriou manner without a trace of satir , and is so pathet it 's laughabl . 
the first act is not a build of a stori , but a juxtaposit of scene that serv no purpos other than to plug in all the requir element ( such as plot , conflict , and character - god forbid ! ) . 
we 're provid with the minimum amount possibl of these element to keep the film from be complet silent . 
in fact , it might as well be sinc the dialogu is virtual non-exist . 
ye , the charact do speak , but they do not talk . 
they say thing that onli relat to the conflict , but they never realli interact ( unless it 's the cartooni flirt scene between arrog major don west ( leblanc ) and uptight , unemot judi robinson ( graham ) ) . 
it 's amaz that after an hour of trite dialogu and gener plot devic that so littl happen . 
eventu the pace rapidli increas , but the amount of genuin interest doe not . 
the stori final gain some prospect by live up to it titl as the robinson find themselv lost in space after narrowli manag to defeat dr . smith ( oldman ) , the cartooni villain , and hi plan for sabotag . 
what ensu is a seri upon seri of complet unrel conflict . 
the first such scene take place on an abandon spaceship and what ensu could best be describ as `` alien `` -lite . 
the stori chang again when the robinson crash land on an alien planet and must act quickli to escap it and surviv . 
but there 's never ani real notion of suspens here becaus the script constantli wander aimlessli . 
plotlin are develop , but each becom total irrelev as the stori chang from scenario to scenario . 
the atmospher attempt to be surreal by incorpor time travel and variou time paradox , but it 's present in such a ridicul way it 's utterli bore . 
by the time the last act roll around , there is no sens of a payoff build . 
the end doe not go out on a high note with ani kind of climax , instead , it seem to come to a sudden halt ( but at least it end at all ) . 
`` lost in space `` is major film product at it worst . 
it 's frighten that a film so poorli written , direct , and act might be consid mainstream entertain . 
