if snake eye were a dog , you 'd put it to sleep . 
if it wa a couch , you 'd put it out on the sidewalk , where it would sit for a week . 
if it were your child , you 'd be read militari school catalog . 
if it were a ship -- no , it would n't be the titan , that would impli glamor and tragedi -- it would be the exxon valdez . 
( person side note : i saw thi movi on the road dure a houston busi trip . 
for whatev reason , my hotel 's cabl system wa n't show the astros-brav game , which featur a randi johnson-greg maddux matchup . 
thi forc me to pay full price for snake eye instead of watch a perfectli good basebal game for free -- so the invect , deserv as it is , should be seen in that perspect . ) 
snake eye is suppos to be a mysteri movi , and good mysteri movi are suppos to leav you ask yourself question on the way out of theater . 
snake eye is not a good mysteri movi , but i had some question : where 's the manag , and how do i get a re-admit pass ? 
if i fall asleep on the drive home and wreck my rent-a-car , can i sue brian de palma ? 
is it too late for the academi to revok nicola cage 's oscar ? 
will someon pleas ( i 'm beg you ) give gari sinis a role worthi of hi talent ? 
and how , exactli doe cage end up wear the exact same shirt and tie as sinis doe ? 
the first and most glaringli wrong thing with snake eye is the trailer . 
if you 've seen the trailer without see the movi , consid yourself fortun . 
the trailer is a work of sheer geniu . 
it manag to convey everyth worthi of the movi -- the noteworthi steadicam work , the exuber of cage 's perform as a thoroughli corrupt atlant citi policeman , the essenti element of the margin plot . 
the expert craftsman who piec togeth a fairli good trailer out of snippet of a wretch movi deserv prais and a percentag of the gross . 
( is a best trailer categori at the oscar that far-fetch , after all ? ) 
but all it doe is set us up for an overwhelmingli disappoint movi . 
the trailer set up what should have been a promis plot : detect ricki santoro ( cage ) must solv the mysteri of who shot the secretari of defens at an atlant citi pay-per-view box match . 
unfortun , there are multipl problem afoot . 
the trailer give away much , too much of the stori . 
the shooter is kill instantli , so the stori revolv around whi the secretari wa kill and who is involv in the conspiraci . 
the film 's secret is ho-hum at best , and anyon who ha watch the trailer and is awar of the law of economi of charact can figur out who the top conspir is . 
without an interest plot , without interest dialogu , and without much of a reason to care about the charact or the stori , snake eye is a failur on almost everi possibl level . 
as much as i hate thi movi , i must give brian de palma one tini bit of credit . 
de palma is maddeningli inconsist . 
he can , on hi day , creat amazingli well-don movi ( the untouch , carlito 's way ) . 
on off-day , he can be , well , just horrid ( the bonfir of the vaniti , rais cain ) . 
snake eye fall into the horrid categori , but there are a coupl of moment that are worth see strictli for their film-school degree-of-difficulti valu . 
the steadicam open scene doe a good job of introduc the cage charact and is a virtuoso technic job by both the director and the actor . 
there is a split-screen chase scene that look pretti good , and it 's follow by a god 's eye view of a bank of hotel room that 's imaginit done . 
thi is what 's call give the devil hi due . 
but the technic skill doe n't even come close to make up for the sheer evil of thi movi . 
place plot hole to one side for a moment , snake eye featur easili the worst box match in cinema histori ( georg foreman is in better shape than the movi boxer ) , a hurrican that exist for no other reason than to punctuat signific plotlin with portentu thunderclap , and perhap the worst , most overli drawn out end in year . 
snake eye is a crimin act , an evil wast of time and talent . 
cage , sinis , and ye , even de palma deserv better . 
the audienc deserv better -- but no refund , no re-admit pass , no free popcorn coupon , can ever restor to us the time we 've spent or wash the aw imag from our mind . 
howev , we are left with one consol , that we were warn by the movi 's titl -- becaus snake eye is noth more than a roll of crap . 
