thi is your definit `` hollywood `` movi , extrem predict , follow the basic formula ( a horribl end ) , overzeal write ( mean the write wa bad and seem as if it were tri too hard to make it excit , therefor make it look as if mani thing were mere toss in there to fill space ) and if tommi lee jone and hi lovabl wise-ass charact ( of which we 've seen befor in the fugit and quit frankli , wa n't use enough here ) , i 'm afraid the film would have been complet unbear . 
in thi film , ashley judd play a women who is wrong convict of kill her husband while out sail for a weekend . 
while in jail she find out that her husband realli is aliv and that he frame the murder on her . 
over money ( how origin ) . 
while in jail she work out , exercis and basic doe her best to get into near perfect condit . 
now she ha learn about a law titl `` doubl jeopardi `` state that if she serv her full sentenc and get out she could kill her husband and the law could not touch her ( although there ha been talk that thi is not the way the actual law work ) . 
now her po ( parol offic ) , and a bunch of cop are chase after her and are conflict whether or not to believ her claim . 
skip over to the act : the fact that judd is more of a looker than an actress ( no offens , she ha been good [ simon birch ] and even veri good to great [ kiss the girl ] at time , in the past and i believ may have the potenti to be better . . . 
but she 's terribl unconvinc in thi and her perform seem stale and unsatisfi ) doe n't realli add to the movi at all ; just take away . 
as i 'd said , jone wa fine , although he did not have much to work with . 
he wa much more of a support charact . 
which is fine , and he handl it well ; especi consid the materi he had to work with . 
i feel thi film had alot go for it . 
origin not be an issu . 
the act wa the onli thing ( as i said ) keep it aliv . 
the plot seem pretti intrigu and could have been as well if appli better . 
the action scene were well made ( howev sometim out of place ) . 
i wa just left unsatisfi in the long run . 
so basic some of the action may have been excit but genuin over-thought , the plot ha certainli been done befor ( gener speak ) , the movi move way too fast for us to get involv in either the charact or the plot , and is basic a film that wa almost save by tommi lee jone , who if he had some more screentim , could perhap have earn the film a higher rate ; in my book , anyway . 
keep thi in mind , if you 're in the mood for a good action film -- rent the fugit . 
d+ 
