a slight romant comedi with a feminist bent , but one with no edg to it . 
it turn out to be a convent film fill with the usual clich ? s and stock charact of thi genr . 
though it 's a well-written and well-act fluff piec , it still doe not have too much to say that is surpris . 
it 's made for the gentl art-hous set , those who do n't want someth too disturb to think about . 
it 's about a critic success writer husband , alec ( pryce ) , who is so self-absorb that he 's threaten by hi depart store floor-walk model wife , kate ( bouquet ) , who want to be a writer . 
she meet hi crass publish , vanni corso ( walken ) , anoth self-absorb man , and a predict relationship occur . 
the firework occur becaus she outgrow her husband 's first impress of her as someon who wa impress with hi geniu and worship at hi feet . 
she now want her own ident and her independ . 
the film look like the usual sitcom stuff , and is plagu with the cheap set design featur reserv for a tv movi . 
the film sag in the middl of the stori from the weight of it tedium , and eventu land on it rear end with it unspectacular climax . 
it 's set in london , and it open as model kate rebuff sexual advanc by a wealthi american shopper , vanni . 
she later meet him as her hubbi 's new upstart publish who seek to have her intellectu author husband in hi stabl in order to give him credibl as a publish of qualiti , and he quickli win favor with her by publish her vaniti novel . 
alec who is an obnoxi grous , someon whom it seem it would be imposs to live with , tri to do everyth to stop hi wife from have her book publish -- which onli push her into the grasp arm of vanni . 
the publish is proud that he 's a mamma 's boy who never marri and is a self-mad man who ha earn million . 
he ha recent acquir a fail old london publish hous and plan to revit it , as he proudli tell kate : `` if my father could sell pizza in harlem , i could sell cultur in europ . `` 
the onli thing that could n't be sold , is thi stiff stori and tire plot line . 
the mysteri to me , is how the love kate could like either man unless she wa an insensit dummi . 
she soon divorc the beleagu alec and marri the soon-to-become-beleagu vanni . 
when she write a second novel , he rebuff her the same way her first hubbi did . 
it end with the same result that happen to hubbi number one , as it stori of ambit and lust wind down in a whimper . 
a busi affair wa loos base on the real-lif literari and romant travail of marri author barbara skelton and cyril connolli , in their celebr 1950 love triangl . 
