except for a few bright moment of good verbal comedi , that old feel is embarrass to sit through . 
bett midler and denni farina play lilli and dan , actress and author , onc marri , now violent divorc , and back togeth one last time for their daughter molli 's ( paula marshal ) wed . 
lilli and dan hate each other passion -- so passion that they have sex at the wed and fall in love again . 
each ditch hi or her current spous of 14 year and run off with the other . 
molli , marri now onli 24 hour , run off in search of her irrespons parent while her husband keith ( jami denton ) tri to consol the abandon spous . 
in molli 's search for her parent , she somehow fall in love with lilli 's paparazzo joey ( danni nucci ) . 
meanwhil , the newlyw keith end up consol dan 's wife rowena ( gail o'gradi ) in bed . 
the audienc i saw thi with appar thought that all the adulteri wa hilari . 
i 'm no dan quayl , but i thought it wa a bit creepi . 
the messag seem to be `` ignor your respons unrepentantli and have fun fuck who you wish . `` 
`` famili valu `` asid , there 's someth cruel about all thi . 
perhap thi movi would have play well as a black comedi , but the movi is a romant comedi . 
we are suppos to be root for these creep . 
reiner and screenwrit lesli dixon tri to make it easier on us by make the victim unlik . 
lilli 's husband is a new-ag flake who rambl about `` emot valet park , `` so we can write him off as irrelev . 
dan 's wife is vain , manipul , and jealou so we can write her off as a bitch . 
molli 's husband is a career-consci , self-cent republican politician who think she 's too fat ( and just for good measur , he also fuck dan 's wife ) , so we can write him off as a prick . 
everyon els fall in love . 
but still , that somehow doe n't justifi the action of the movi 's main charact . 
`` he 's a prick `` or `` she 's a bitch `` is no defens . 
the movi is somewhat redeem by some funni dialog -- often dure heat argument -- and by above-averag perform by midler and farina ( break out of hi character-actor mold ) . 
other than that , it 's a standard romant comedi with a veri substandard gimmick . 
