there are some pretti impress star in lost in space - it 's just that none of them happen to be actor . 
the star i 'm refer to are the comput gener one that make up the movi 's `` outer space `` ; the star that the less impress actor hurtl thru as they tri to find their way home . 
ye , in term of act , the star power is . 
. 
. 
well , more like a fall star . 
kinda pretti , short-liv , and pretti much dead . 
lost in space , as if you realli did n't know , is base on the 60 's sci-fi televis seri of the same name . 
it 's the year 2058 , and earth 's preciou resourc are quickli be usurp by the need of it massiv popul . 
john robinson ( william hurt ) is the scientist lead a mission program to colon a foreign planet . 
earth 's entir exist is conting upon a success mission , but nobodi , whether it be john 's famili or hire battl pilot don west ( matt leblanc ) , seem too enthusiast about leav their home planet for sever year . 
john 's famili consist of hi wife maureen ( mimi roger ) , hi atyp teenag daughter penni ( lacey chabert ) , hi ingeni son will ( jack johnson ) , and hi beauti scientist daughter judi ( heather graham ) . 
despit everyon 's reluct , the jupit 2 spacecraft abandon planet earth and make it way into the vast etern of space . 
unknown to anyon but the audienc , there is an evil doctor stowaway determin to sabotag the entir mission . 
dr . smith ( gari oldman ) ha been hire by a group of rebel conspir to turn the expedit sour , and dr . smith ha re-program a talk robot to `` destroy robinson famili `` ! 
when everyth that could go wrong doe go wrong for both side , the spaceship is warp to an unknown destin , and now the premis of be lost in space is complet . 
as for the audienc , you will like be lost in boredom by thi point , wonder if the plot , like the jupit 2 , will ever get off the ground . 
it 's hard to tell who deserv the most blame - the incred bland and corni charact or the horrif lame script ? 
chabert is basic the onli one to overdo it , sound like a whini munchkin on helium . 
if you , like me , were convinc by commerci that her voic wa alter for some sort of plot twist where her bodi would be taken over by alien , you 're wrong ! 
that 's just her normal voic ! 
in yet anoth exampl of a `` friend `` falter on the big screen , leblanc is so incred dull and yet so obvious tri so hard to be so incred charm ( make sens ? ) , it make you want to shove hi ass out the escap pod corridor without an escap pod . 
graham is a babe - thank good there wa someth for me to think about dure thi film . 
hurt , the black hole of excit , suck up ani energi that might have been left . 
if hurt were avail in tablet form , he would be a prescript strength sleep pill . 
johnson is n't dull , he 's just lame as the young know it all who wind up save everybodi 's ass all the time . 
want an exampl of how cool thi kid can be ? 
how about when he convinc the robot to think with it heart and reconsid kill the famili ? 
hey , do n't laugh - the thing actual listen to the mr . rogers-would-be-proud sentiment . 
but ala , if you thought a charact could n't be much wors , there wa roger as the epitom of gener ( or , mother as she wa known ) . 
whi hire an actress ? 
they could 've had a white cardboard cutout with the word mom print on it . 
now that would 've had some pizzazz ! 
lost in space luckili doe n't suffer in everi singl categori that it could have . 
the special effect are crisp , clear , and at least mildli captiv , unlik ani of the presenc onscreen save it be oldman , who play hi evil charact with a great deal of fun and finess . 
unfortun , oldman is lock away for most of the film , give us noth but ampl mock opportun to enjoy . 
while the special effect are pleas to the eye , they are noth you could n't find in most modern sci-fi film . 
contact , for exampl , far exce thi film in term of imageri and imagin . 
lost in space just ha too mani shortcom to ever be consid a work of cinemat art , with numer contradict ( the time travel aspect wa horribl flaw ! ) , wooden and corni act , wors dialogu , and an end so disappoint , you 'd be happier to have seen the entir robinson famili get blown to smithereen . 
then again , with an end like thi film ha , it 's obviou a sequel is alreadi be consid . 
what an aw note to end on , know there could be more of thi in a year or two . 
the attempt to be famili orient is commend , but lost in space is lost with the illus that special effect and the nostalgia of a classic tv seri be revisit is enough to satisfi all age group . 
well , danger potenti movi goer ! 
danger ! 
thi movi crash land without ever break thru the atmospher of mediocr . 
