deceiv is a plot twist in search of a movi . 
thi overli construct film succe in have mani surpris , and , be true to it titl , be decept . 
but there is littl in the film that is worthi of deceit . 
braxton ( chri penn ) and kennesaw ( michael rooker ) are two cop investig the brutal murder of a prostitut ( rene zellweg ) . 
their lone suspect is wayland ( tim roth ) , a wealthi young man whose phone number wa found in the hooker 's pocket . 
howev , a routin lie detector test turn against the investig , as the crafti wayland somehow turn the tabl . 
braxton and kennesaw are forc to confront their own troubl live . 
braxton is a gambl addict in deep to mook ( ellen burstyn ) , a local booki . 
kennesaw is bitter about hi marriag to a socialit ( rosanna arquett ) , believ hi wife to be unfaith . 
the plot is twisti and complex , with lot of lengthi flashback , and plenti of surpris . 
howev , there are time when it is needlessli complex , and at least one instanc the storytel turn so muddl that the answer to import plot point actual get lost . 
take a look at l . a . confidenti , or the film 's more like inspir , the usual suspect for how a complex plot can properli be handl . 
the dialogu in deceiv is as overcraft as the plot . 
for exampl , the film tell a few substori ( such as the tale of a woeful absinth bender , or an altern tell of how van gogh lost hi ear ) , but they are so flat and so plastic that they come off as prefabr and unbeliev . 
there 's never the sens that these are real charact engag in convers . 
they appear to be noth more than word on a screenplay . 
the charact , themselv , are rather pathet and despic . 
not one of them is an ounc sympathet , and as a result , the labyrinthin plot is all for naught . 
what doe it matter who is guilti of what and whi ? 
writer-director josh and jona pate seem to desir to emul the coen brother ' masterwork blood simpl , or the wachowski brother ' less worthi bound . 
but , while they have got the plot twist down cold , they need to work on character and dialogu . 
