watch the movi , i vow to subtract half a star from the review becaus the filmmak includ a saccharin syrup , cute ' n cuddli , computer-gener monkey . 
if the monkey die , the movi got an extra half star . 
ala , the monkey show up at the end , unharm , to the wet sickli sound of gag and roll eyebal . 
what that mean is that lost in space actual deserv 2 star . 
that 's pretti gener , consid the movi 's camp lack ani hint of tongu in cheek . 
when will robinson ( jack johnson ) teach hi pet robot about friendship , you are actual suppos to buy it . 
so whi such a seemingli high rate ? 
there are a few reason that made me unabl to throw away the experi with the garbag . 
first , we saw the movi on open night of the first day of oper of a brand new theater . 
the sound and screen kick ass . 
nobodi in the countri enjoy the movi as much as my audienc did ( and i do n't necessarili mean that in a good way ) . 
also , there were more than zero scene where i found myself root for the robinson , or get caught up in the movi 's tension . 
i even like the computer-gener set . 
i usual prefer to see model or set , but the cg wa more detail than i 've seen in a lot of movi ; it look like someon spent a littl overtim to render some of the futurist citi . 
also , gari oldman is never a bad actor , even though he is typecast as a villain . 
william hurt is n't too bad either . 
neither actor had a great role , but their perform were watchabl . 
and perhap i should n't admit thi , but someth about the tone and outlook of the movi brought me back to my childhood . 
there is veri littl swear or blood ; there is a strong moral messag , saccharin though it is ; there is a bit of romanc ( whose culmin after 2 hour is a `` real `` kiss -- no sex ) . 
it felt like one of those disney movi that i so look forward to when i wa six . 
those movi were probabl as bad as lost in space , but at the time , they were manna from heaven . 
that type of moviemak is a lost art . 
now for the bad news . 
worst and most unforgiv wa the incred bad dialogu . 
it 's squeaky-clean , famili fun , tri hard to be as hip as pulp fiction . 
`` you better hold on to your joystick , `` is one such line . 
and when a robinson is call upon to deliv a line about warp conduit thingamajig , they inevit stumbl badli enough to embarrass even the lowliest star trek ensign . 
second worst , and close relat , is the screenplay . 
the stori 's exposit take place at a press confer , which allow the writer to explain what 's happen with the least amount of creativ , effort , or interest . 
onc the stori get go , i do conced a momentari burst of interest onc in a while , but on the whole , the situat that aris are silli and contriv . 
when gari oldman easili reprogram will 's pet robot to kill the robinson , my friend sum it up perfectli : `` he flip the switch to 'evil . ' `` 
then there 's the tone of the movi . 
the colorado daili said the film would have been more interest if the central charact wa will robinson and not hi father john robinson . 
then it could be an adventur movi . 
they 're mostli right , except that johnson ( will ) wa n't a good enough actor to carri it off . 
still , that the film ha the robinson patriarch as our hero show a lack of imagin . 
just becaus a movi is tame enough for kid doe n't mean that we have to bow to a `` promis keeper `` notion of who 's the center of a famili . 
mani qualiti famili film have been made with a non-tradit famili structur ( fli away home come to mind ) to much better effect . 
and the polit of the time seem a bit conserv and regress for a futurist movi . 
in star war , the rebel were the good guy . 
we were root for those who were fight against the system . 
in lost in space , the rebel are the bad guy , a terrorist forc that must be kill , crush and silenc so that our children may live free . 
that omin excus for violenc almost make me sympath with the terrorist . 
final , a few specif detail deserv critic . 
the movi tell us that the set is the year 2056 . 
whi ? 
whi bother say what year thi is . 
just tell us it 's the futur . 
i bring it up becaus the tv seri wa suppos to take place in 1997 . 
set a specif date onli date the movi and guarante that it wo n't be timeless ( not that thi movi wa realli in the run anyway . ) . 
then there is a scene that show john robinson check one of hi control on a chair that rise about fifteen feet on a pole . 
thi silli wast of money remind me of bug bunni 's barber chair , and onli show that the futur is a time when spaceship design have n't learn a thing about ergonom . 
one vagu redeem qualiti is that the end credit succeed where the rest of the film fail : it made lost in space look cool . 
the strong techno beat sampl the cheesiest dialogu and , out of context , made it sound hip . 
thi is overlaid on a cool jumpi credit sequenc with interest distort clip from the movi . 
but if that 's the best part of the movi , i ca n't in good conscienc recommend it . 
still , if you get stuck see it , as we did , you might be abl to appreci it if you keep your distanc , think of like bad movi as a child , and bring along your `` bad movi bingo `` card . 
