star ben stiller , elizabeth hurley , maria bello , janean garofalo screenplay by david veloz , base on the novel by jerri stahl direct by david veloz 
perman midnight is a pretti bad movi , though it took me a few day to conclud thi . 
the film is more masturbatori than bleak , with it main charact intent on confound us with hi stupid . 
( he ha a $ 6000 a week drug habit . ) 
ultim , as adapt by veloz , jerri stahl come off as one of those playground braggart who chainsmok at the age of twelv ; you are less mystifi by hi self-destruct natur than bore into a stupor yourself . 
ben stiller play stahl , a young author who arriv in l . a . with ambit and a nasti drug habit . 
he eventu get a gig for $ 5000/week write for a sitcom call mr . chomper ( a thinli veil stand-in for `` alf `` : chomper look just like alf except he 's blue ) , marri a produc ( hurley ) so she can get a green card , and hook up with a spanish mother ( liz torr ) , who shoot heroin with him in the afternoon . 
insert proverbi downward spiral here . 
perman midnight is structur mostli as a flashback , with recov addict bello meet stiller ( at a fastfood restaur , where stiller work the drive-thru as part of rehab ) , take him back to a hotel , and between bout of seriou screw , listen to hi life stori . 
i 've spent the last week tri to figur out whi stiller never seem to find the frighteningli gorgeou hurley attractive-wors , i 've been tri to figur out whi hurley did find stiller attract . 
as stahl , stiller display none of the charm or wit one would expect ( post-ther 's someth about mari ) of either the actor or a comedi writer . 
what separ stahl from the hundr of other hollywood punk-junki , it seem , is that stahl wrote a book about hi idioci . 
watch stahl shoot heroin next to a babi ! 
watch stahl spoil numer pitch meet with smack-fuel babbl ! 
stiller give a technic flawless perform : the film could doubl as a documentari on how to be a junki . 
but perman midnight is mostli soulless . 
when the movi pose the question will stahl be save ? 
and then answer it in the form of bello 's charact ( basic a shrink in black panti ) , could a person care less ? 
in the film version of hi autobiographi of the same name , stahl doe n't need save , he need someon who will sit there and listen to him go on about himself . 
if you learn anyth about the other charact in thi movi , it 's that they are the most incred toler hollywood-typ known to man . 
( stahl also seem to be the onli person at schmooz parti do drug . 
is thi hollywood . . . california ? ) 
i learn veri littl about the entertain busi from perman midnight and a whole lot about an egotist lunkhead . 
of cours you know that stahl triumph becaus he live to talk about hi problem . 
so , basic , hi drug habit got him a book deal , a movi base on hi life , and now he 's appar collabor with stiller on futur project . 
so much for the moral of that stori . 
temporari midnight is more like it . 
-bill chamber ; septemb , 1998 
