an experi like babi genius can have certain effect on an averag moviego . 
you may be scar for life after see thi petrifi piec of garbag , which is so disarmingli horribl that it may caus you to ponder it 's hollywood exist . 
when i think of the screenwrit behind thi film , i pictur a room full of monkey . 
the monkey are pound on their typewrit while scratch themselv . 
all of the monkey combin their effort , hop in a cab and take the finish product downtown to director bob clark 's offic . 
the design monkey explain the plot by jump up and down on clark 's desk while flail hi arm and shriek . 
the director appear to be deep in thought , until he slam hi fist down on the desktop and exclaim ` i love it ! ! ! ' 
the write behind thi project is embarrass . 
for your amus , i will explain the plot . 
dr . kinder ( kathleen turner ) and dr . heep ( christoph lloyd ) are two of the cold-heart execut at the babi genius institut , where peculiar studi are go on . 
as the stori goe , there is an ancient myth explain that babi ( age 2 and under ) know all the secret of the world from previou life experi . 
when they move past thi phase , they becom like ani other drool toddler . 
kinder and heep want to unlock the secret use their test babi , name littl sylvest ( sli for short ) , who can break in or out of ani given situat so effici that he would be right at home on the mission : imposs team . 
there is so much crap deriv from thi premis , despit the fact it 's virtual ident to the plot in look who 's talk ! 
( a far superior film in ani leagu ) . 
you will be abl to determin the qualiti of the film by examin the open scene . 
sylvest ha broken out and manag to elud sever secur guard with hi amaz intellect and kung-fu tactic . 
question : it 's obviou the babi are super-smart , but whi are they abl to fight like jacki chan ? ? 
the adult in thi film are furious beaten by these youngster in diaper . 
it 's a shock when writer will stoop thi low just to draw cheap laugh by use john hugh ' familiar home alon formula . 
i also found it disturb that the babi in thi film have attitud and endless 90 's knowledg , quot numer movi and insult their adult captor . 
the effect in babi genius ( similar to the talk anim in babe ) are pathet , the edit is a disast , and the joke are never funni . 
the onli reason viewer may avoid vomit is the argument that the babi are ` cute ' . 
i suppos they are . 
i can admit to smile a few time becaus the babi were cute . 
other instanc , though , i wa howl in laughter due to the inan stupid of the script . 
there are support charact who have no person whatsoev ; their entir exist is base on punch line . 
peter macnicol and kim cattral , as an unwil coupl who have adopt sylvest 's twin , are both miscast . 
then again , i do n't suppos ani perform could handl the uneven materi without look incred stupid . 
meanwhil , dom deluis play a fellow who get hit in the crotch with a monkey wrench ( hahaha ) . 
i would avoid babi genius at all cost . 
instead of watch thi , i would recommend fill your bathtub with cement and go snorkel . 
or perhap you would consid go dive in shark-infest water . 
anyth to avoid thi pain movi . 
the final line in the film , spoken by the bratti sylvest , is ` if they think i 'm do the sequel for less than $ 20 mill , they 're nut ' . 
sequel ? 
pleas have merci . 
