gun wield arnold schwarzenegg ha a chang of heart by the film 's end and becom a believ in god instead of a skeptic , go through an amaz transform by have a christian epiphani in the final scene as he becom someon who can now beat the devil by hi faith alon . . . thi is after two hour of throw peopl out window and shoot more peopl than your averag serial killer . 
nobodi can save thi bomb from it 's own stupid and arrog in filmmak and arrog in believ that thi is a posit religious-typ of film . 
it 's just a pile of dreck . . . an 
ill-conceiv exploit project , a pyrotechn film . 
`` end of day `` aim to be an apocalypt thriller . 
it featur an idiot script , a hack director , and a one-dimension star who is past hi prime . . . which 
make thi film dumber than dumb , plu it 's not funni , not campi , or is it in the least bit entertain . 
it 's just dreari and unwatch . . . a 
big-budget slasher film . 
arnold play an alcohol secur guard who find hi new mission in life is to stop satan ( occupi gabriel byrn 's bodi and possess a wall st . bank account ) from destroy the world . 
the film open in vatican citi , roma 1979 -- where the pope is alert by a young visionari priest tomaso , look out at the night sky and see a comet whiz by , who proclaim after look at hi scroll -- that 's the sign for the 'ey of god , ' which reveal that a child ha been born who is be prepar to give birth to satan 's babi ( the anti-christ ) in the hour befor the new centuri begin , when satan will fuck her and open up the gate to hell on earth . 
tomaso ha some twenti year to find thi woman and save her and the world from doom . 
but some in the pope 's circl want to kill her if found , even though the pope insist on have faith and let her live , as he lectur them : `` even in the world 's darkest day -- do evil doe n't stop evil , but bring on more evil . `` 
we saw the girl be born in nyc in 1979 , which seem to be the 'logic ' place to look for satan accord to the astrolog chart of the visionari . 
the chosen woman is christin york ( robin ) . 
it is now a few day befor the new year celebr for 2000 and arnold and hi wise-crack secur guard partner kevin pollack are hire to guard a wall street turd , and when he is fire upon by a renograd priest , thoma aquina , arnold save him and through a ridicul chase captur the tongu less priest who fire the shot . 
he , nevertheless , can speak and tell arnold an 'end of day ' is come as prophes in revel . 
but satan get to him in hi hospit room and nail him to the ceil while scribbl latin warn of 'the end of the world ' on hi bodi . 
it is now up to arnold to save the world and find the chosen woman . 
he quickli find christin and doe everyth to protect her from all the evil forc around her , as the film includ ludicr helicopt rescu , peopl jump out of window , satan take a piss and drop a match to kill arnold 's partner as the piss explod like gasolin , satan be fire at . . . result in hi sometim experienc pain and sometim noth , as if the director forgot which way he want to have it . 
there is noth spare in nyc from fire bomb -- includ the subway , church , and luxuri build . 
the onli troubl with all these high-budget action sequenc , wa that it lack purpos and even entertain valu . 
the stori wa so terribl and inaccur , that it did not have an iota of valu or credibl . 
merci the movi drag to a final confront in time squar , tri unsuccess to build tension to the countdown toward the year 2000 . 
whi is the end of 1999 consid to be the devil 's number `` 666 , `` well ! 
. . . 
satan 's numer is actual `` 999 , `` which is upsid down of `` 666 . `` 
accordingli , you just put a `` 1 '' in front of it -- and bingo -- you get `` 1999 . `` 
with logic like that , thi film might even think it pull the wool over the viewer 's eye and got away with such a febril explan of the occult . 
thi film should becom a classic use by film school in how not to make a horror film . 
i highli recommend see it for that purpos . 
