thi independ film written and direct by eric bross ha the look and feel of all those other troubl blue-collar youth film that have inund the market in recent time . 
it is hard to tell what is independ about thi film ; it might as well have been made in hollywood or on a home videocam . 
it is the debut film for the director , who tell hi person stori about italian grow up with heavi new jersey accent and remain tight with each other as they grow into young adult , a tale which could have been reward to see in the 1950 , where the mind-set of all the charact depict is ground , but to see it in the 1990 is a differ stori : it is old news . 
the love stori between the simpl girl wait to get marri and her luckless boyfriend turn nasti on her doe n't mean much , sinc their relationship remain undevelop . 
the introduct of the wise-guy angl and the loyal among buddi bit , are not move enough emot experi or intellig enough dramat to elev thi film abov it limit stori line despit the tour-de-forc perform by the star of the film , adrien brodi as ray . 
ray is the onli son of a low-level mobster onc arrest for run an illeg casino oper out of hi bloomfield , new jersey , suburban basement . 
ray sr . ( vincent ) is now tri to make a go of it by run a small scale home-repair busi . 
hi son live with him and work unhappili as a shoe salesman , dream of get rich quickli so he can open a busi and marri hi long-tim waitress girlfriend joann ( sybil ) . 
the titl of thi film refer to the shoe size of paul newman-10b , which realli ha noth to do with explain anyth about the film . you 
should be awar that there are a lot of thing about thi film that do n't make sens : it constant brainless chatter between the buddi , their unev grow pain , and the despair of their live , make it veri difficult to feel ani empathi for them . 
desper to make hi dream come through , ray goe to a loanshark , humor and menacingli play by jame e . moriarti , and borrow 10 grand to bet on a `` sure thing `` at freehold raceway . 
the hors lose and now ray ha big problem , as the loanshark come after him with hi muscl to get hi dough . 
there is noth i have seen so far to like about ray . 
he is undepend , mean-spirit , and stupid . 
so when hi best friend mike ( gallagh ) , the narrat of the film , get a chanc to sleep with hi girlfriend -- who care ? 
the director must be kid himself if he think we do . 
as for ray 's gambl debt and hi dilemma of how to pay it off , the stori is too predict for anyth other than what you would expect to happen . 
hi buddi , the colleg student mike and the depend butchi ( gillan ) , and hi old man , who he ha thi love/h relationship with , ralli to hi aid . 
and the film end on an obligatori artist note of ambigu , that seem to be the way it is for all those wannab artist film , as ray is off to florida all by hi lonesom self to tri to put hi life togeth . 
there wa just no energi or spark or anyth relev in thi superfici film to keep it interest , though adrien brodi show sign that he could be a futur star . 
becaus of hi intens and look , he remind me of sean penn . 
