one of the first film of 1999 is thi mtv pictur releas which mark the first lead featur role for jame van der beek , the star of the wb 's runaway hit dawson 's creek . 
follow in the foot step of mtv 's two other live action film , joe 's apart ( 1996 ) and dead man on campu ( 1998 ) , varsiti blue is a bad film and is unlik to caus much of a sensat in the marketplac . 
set in west cannan , texa , the film examin the small town obsess with high school footbal through the eye of second string quarterback john `` mox `` moxon ( van der beek ) . 
we know he 's smart becaus he read kurt vonnegut instead of the playbook . 
coach bud kilmer ( jon voight ) ha been around so long there is actual a bronz statu commemor him . 
the star quarterback , lanc harbor ( paul walker ) , is a handsom , blond , hero who ha hi own billboard in hi front yard and date the sexi head cheerlead , darci ( ali larter ) . 
also on the team are an enorm guy ( ron lester ) with some health problem and the token african-american team member ( eliel swinton ) whose onli real dialogu scene deal directli with the color of hi skin . 
when lanc is serious injur , mox get hi chanc to shine and he run with it , undermin kilmer with hi unusu play strategi . 
hi relationship with hi duti girlfriend , jule ( ami smart ) , is threaten and there 's a big game at the end . 
guess who win ? 
noth about varsiti blue is inspir and the whole film simpli move through the sort of convent motion that coach kilmer would love . 
there 's a chanc for some smart satir on small town obsess but the humor here is decidedli lowbrow . 
van der beek doe a decent job of carri hi first film although a silli accent trip him up sometim . 
also , the role is n't veri much of a stretch from hi dawson leari charact . 
he 's still a pseudo-intellectu , whini , nice guy , except here he also happen to be a jock . 
voight is a terror as he chew up everi singl piec of sceneri and spit it out . 
the other adult are all notabl aw while the younger perform do n't fare much better . 
on the posit side , walker is a charismat actor who is due for a breakout role follow thi and hi support turn in pleasantvil ( 1998 ) . 
scott ( son of jame ) caan ha some live moment as tweeder , the team 's wild man . 
larter , as a gorgeou seductress look for a one way ticket out of texa , get to show off the film 's most interest costum , includ a veri eye-open `` whip cream bikini . `` 
it 's interest to note that the film definit earn it r-rate with a lot of harsh languag , alcohol abus and an unusu high amount of nuditi ( includ a gratuit trip to a strip bar that reveal a not veri surpris surpris ) . 
all thi is like to come as a shock to the young femal fan base of dawson 's creek , presum the target audienc for the pictur . 
director brian robbin previous helm the kid featur good burger ( from nickelodeon film , a sister compani of mtv ) and chang direct here a bit but still fail to make much of an impress . 
the look of the movi is as bland as the town and charact who popul it . 
the footbal scene are gener unexcit and the entir film look a bit wash out . 
there 's an ok soundtrack featur music from collect soul , foo fighter , green day and aaliyah but it 's not as impress as one would expect from a mtv film . 
