thi is the last carri on film with it almost intact regular cast and it is the swansong of hatti jacqu and sid jame . 
dick turpin ( sid jame ) and hi gang which includ harriett/harri ( barbara windsor ) and tom `` doc `` scholl ( peter butterworth ) , terroris the countrysid by stage highway robberi : `` stand and deliv ! `` 
owe to the increas occurr of turpin 's robberi , captain desmond fancey of the bow street runner ( kenneth william ) and hi sidekick sergeant jock strapp ( jack dougla ) visit turpin 's area of influenc to bring him to justic . 
they are under the express order of sir roger daley ( bernard bresslaw ) . 
their intellect doe not count for much and when they increasingli becom suspici of reverend flasher aka dick turpin ( sid jame ) , whom they confid in earlier , they still can not believ that the rector ha ani part in these robberi . 
howev , onc they catch harriett and put her in jail , and sir roger daley take complet charg , it seem that there is no hope for dick turpin . 
then again , sir roger ha assign the dimwit fancey and jock strapp aswel as the old dither constabl ( kenneth connor ) to keep an eye on their prison ! 
there is no doubt that thi is a 'sid jame ' carri on movi . 
he excel in doubl role ( as in 'carri on- do n't lose your head ' ) and hi perform as flasher and turpin is hilari . 
barbara windsor is also funni as harriett the sex mad housemaid and member of the gang , and hatti jacqu ' small but effect role as the rector 's housekeep martha hoggett is play to perfect . 
jack dougla play a milder version of hi excruciatingli annoy on-screen persona and kenneth william is given a rather mundan part . 
peter butterworth is not allow to shine in hi bore perform as tom , and bernard bresslaw 's charact appear onli briefli in the film . 
the onli notabl perform from the support cast come from joan sim as madam desire , who is travel around the countri escort her starlet the 'bird of paradis ' and sport a fake french accent . 
when her girl and her are rob by turpin , she is determin to catch him and help the reverend to find the culprit ! 
a carri on by the number , thi movi is onli notabl for the great perform by sid jame in hi last carri on movi . 
the joke are bluer , the script is poorer ( it is the last script written by talbot rothwel ) , but the music is a mark improv . 
although nearli all the regular appear , they seem to be just go through the motion . 
none of the high spirit of the earlier film are appar here . 
just a select of crude joke and repitit double-entendr . 
