jessica lang is one of the most inconsist actress work today . 
from time-to-tim , she blow away audienc with power , intens perform . 
on the other hand , thi is the same woman who made her jaw-droppingli aw featur debut in dino delaurentii ' king kong . 
and , much as lang would probabl prefer movie-go to develop amnesia regard that particular entri on her resum , everi onc in a while she doe work that is reminisc of it , if onli in qualiti . 
hush is one such exampl . 
lang is so bad here that she might have been fun to watch if the rest of the film wa n't such a prime exampl of motion pictur tedium . 
the film open , as mani so-cal `` psycholog thriller `` do , by pose as a light drama . 
we are introduc to jackson ( johnathon schaech , last encount in tom hank ' that thing you do ! ) and helen ( gwyneth paltrow ) , a pictur perfect young coupl who are veri much in love . 
jackson is take helen home for the holiday so she can meet hi mother , martha ( lang ) . 
the moment i first saw martha , i start look for fang . 
soon , the wick witch of the east is plot a way for her son to get helen pregnant ( thi involv poke a hole in a diaphragm ) . 
onc that goal is accomplish , she manipul event so that the expect coupl move out of new york citi to the hors farm where she live . 
as long as she get her way , martha is a perfectli amic person , but when helen defi her , it 's a declar of war . 
hush ha three veri simpl problem : it 's incred dumb , it 's incred bore , and it 's incred predict ( at least up to the stupefi end ) . 
thi film ha absolut noth to recommend it , with the except of a coupl of nice shot of snow-cov field and a quick glimps of gwyneth paltrow 's bare buttock . 
frankli , it 's embarrass to watch a respect actress of lang 's statur give a perform like thi -- it 's like a bad blanch duboi ( the role she play in a 1995 tv version of a streetcar name desir ) . 
meanwhil , paltrow doe her best to get through her dialogu without gape at the stupid of some of her line , and schaech attempt a passabl imit of an inanim object . 
as in all psycholog thriller , the battl line are clearli drawn . 
here , it 's mom and against wife , with jackson caught in the middl . 
of cours , sinc schaech 's charact is poorly-develop and badli act , it 's imposs to say how he feel about be in that situat . 
mayb someon should ask him if he 's familiar with oedipu . 
martha is , of cours , the evil one . 
how do we know she 's evil ? 
she smoke cigarett and drink hard liquor -- two sure sign that the devil is at work . 
on the other hand , helen is a good girl . 
the evid for thi is that she 's nice to old ladi and treasur a locket with a pictur of her dead parent . 
that 's about it for charact develop . 
beyond that point , hush is just a seri of increasingli hard-to-swallow coincid , contriv , and moron plot twist . 
howev , the first 85 minut are just a warm-up for the end , which is as anticlimact as it is profoundli dissatisfi . 
i ca n't imagin anyon , no matter what they thought of the movi as a whole , like thi conclus . 
either there wa some seriou last-minut edit or someon left out a few page of the script . 
befor the climax , i dislik hush ; by the time the end credit start , i hate it . 
viewer invest someth in everi movi they watch , no matter how good or bad it is . 
cheat them like thi is offens and unpardon . 
most entri into thi worn-out , worm-eaten genr are n't especi good . 
film like consent adult , the hand that rock the cradl , and singl white femal reli on stock plot and predict twist to propel the narr along . 
in gener , howev , they 're direct with a degre of compet that assur a level of sustain tension . 
that 's not the case with realli bad thriller like thi , which fail to gener even a momentari heart palpit -- the charact are too bland and the plot is too uninvolv for anyon in the audienc to care . 
inde , the titl of thi movi probabl refer to what the produc hope viewer will do in lieu of tell their friend what they realli think of thi sorri piec of celluloid . 
