synopsi : sonni koufax ( adam sandler ) is a rich , childish , angri man who ha just been dump by hi girlfriend vanessa ( kristi swanson ) . 
in a bid to impress vanessa sonni imperson hi friend kevin ( jon stewart ) and adopt a 5 year old boy name julian ( cole and dylan sprous ) while kevin is on an oversea trip . 
under sonni 's supervis julian soon learn to lie to women , tell peopl how he `` wipe hi ass , `` throw tantrum , and scream for hi `` god damn `` treat . 
self center , julian break a school classmat 's arm without apolog or even realiz he ha done anyth wrong . 
meanwhil sonni bribe julian with sugari talk , food , toy , and flashi promis in order to get the kid to perform . 
not surprisingli the govern take julian away from sonni 's incompet supervis , and thi lead to a custodi battl . 
opinion : it 's a movi about an embitt creep teach a littl kid to be a jerk , and we all get cheap laugh becaus for 90 minut the innoc kindergartn never find out what it mean when he mimic all the bad boy behavior . 
that 's the essenc of big daddi . 
but there 's a bigger issu involv : market . 
movi that are rate pg and pg-13 are heavili market toward children of preteen age and below . 
on tv , film clip advertis these movi as family-friendli hit comedi . 
then when you go see them they turn out to be either raunchi sex act like austin power with charact name fat bastard - - or big daddi where adult charact get their jolli by buddi up to naiv five year old and encourag them to experi with drug and mistreat . 
folk in hollywood are tri to develop a preteen market for raunchi stuff , but i think most american parent would agre that earli childhood is a time of mental innoc that should be protect from uncar media market exploit . 
to mani american mother there 's probabl noth more pathet and unsettl than the sight of a theater full of unsupervis littl eight year old laugh raucous as movi charact father adam sandler joke about a woman 's `` ice cold tit . `` 
