thi is my first review that i post to thi newsgroup , and i kind of feel like i have to say someth neg about thi film . 
no one els seem to care that it take certain liberti that should not be taken with a histor stori . 
howev , even if one think of it as fiction , `` the princ of egypt `` remain shallow . 
but i 'll begin from the begin . 
the biggest differ between the origin , biblic stori and thi version is that mose ha some semblanc of divin in the bibl , wherea the anim version give the impress of a reluct hero . 
mayb it 's just me , but if i knew i had god on my side , i 'd have a littl bit more confid . 
there are other differ as well , such as a lack of import femal charact and the pass over of the origin pharoah 's death like it 's noth but a thing . 
most of all , though , the stori 's focu ha shift . 
rather than be a stori about father-son , man-ethn , man-god , `` the princ of egypt `` is almost sole about the brother-broth relationship between rames and mose . 
i wa origin excit about thi stori element until i saw the movi , where it came off as maudlin . 
rames and mose squabbl like children and then , in the interest of peac , mose save rames ' butt , even though mose wa the one who start it . . . 
* yawn * i did n't care anymor by the time mose ran off for murder an overs ( which , of cours , never happen in the origin stori - mose wa exil ) . 
but enough about the differ . 
let 's talk about the movi itself . 
it featur a mose who , in the interest of make the charact more human , lack ani divin whatsoev , which is n't convinc at all to anyon who know who god is . 
it featur a cookie-cutt `` i-wanna-please-dada `` rames , who at least is given digniti by the voicework of ralph fienn ( from schindler 's list , among other thing ) . 
the film also featur an extrem annoy charact by way of the `` new-improv `` miriam , voic by the ever-antsi sandra bullock , even though the most irrit thing about her is her tendenc to burst into song for no appar reason ( here bullock is replac by a sing voic ) . 
speak of which , it contain * veri * annoy music . 
it contain shallow write . 
it featur extraordinari anim , which is one good thing i can say about thi film . 
most of all , it contain an attempt to commerci , homogen , and mass-market a stori about a manifest of god . 
i am not christian , but i got the impress of blasphemi . 
the writer and produc took a butcher knife and chop-chop into the stori . 
