`` i would appreci it if you did n't do that again . `` 
star jet li , bridget fonda , tch ? ky karyo , burt kwouk . 
direct by chri nahon . 
rate r . 
it 's no secret that martial art film often use their plot simpli to get from one action sequenc to anoth . 
when the fight scene are enough to justifi pay admiss , there is no problem with thi , as in most jacki chan project and a lot of the hong kong action . 
when they are n't , well , we 're in bad shape . 
kiss of the dragon , jet li 's second consecut american misfir , play like one big miscalcul , and fail even as the most rudimentari entertain . 
now befor i start get e-mail angrili tout the geniu of jet li , let me explain myself . 
li is as spectacular as ever here , and i do n't think anyon would ever dare call hi martial-arts-star skill into question . 
the problem is n't with him , it 's with the movi 's tone . 
the much tout fight-scen here are film with such unflinch , unrel brutal that they are unpleas to watch . 
they 're joyless , perfuctori ; li 's rogu chines detect is more of a kill machin than a hero , a termin with a black belt instead of a metal skeleton . 
but even the termin in judgement day had a sympathet side . 
the plot is n't relev , but if you 're curiou , it 's some nonsens about a chines law enforc offic ( li ) sent to pari to investig a possibl drug ring and encount a corrupt chief of polic ( tcheki karyo ) , who kill peopl and doe sinist thing with no motiv whatsoev . 
oh yeah , and li 's charact is also an acupunctur expert who is abl to eas pain and/or kill at the touch of a needl . 
`` kiss of the dragon `` is the name of an acupunctur maneuv , in which you stick a needl in a precis locat on the back of the victim 's neck , somehow redirect all of the bodi 's bloodflow to the brain and kill the poor sap more or less immedi . 
there 's a vagu attempt to human li by have him fall in love with a downtrodden prostitut , whose daughter is be held hostag , for some reason , by the villain . 
thi is one of the worst love stori i have ever seen on screen , even wors than the one in pearl harbor . 
there 's no convict whatsoev as the movi bare pay lip servic to it ; it 's onli here becaus someon appar thought there should be some kind of boy-meets-girl subplot . 
kiss of the dragon wa written by luc besson , whose screenplay the messeng : the stori of joan of arc , for all of that film 's flaw , wa at least thought . 
i do n't know whi the guy got himself involv in thi train wreck , but perhap he want to so someth more mainstream after the neverend weird of the fifth element and the aforement styliz biopic . 
i suppos you could call thi mainstream , but i 'll choos the bizarr ani time of the day . 
if action scene in a movi are go to be brutal instead of dazzl , you need a stori to justifi watch them . 
the filmmak behind kiss of the dragon should have rethought their strategi . 
no one will walk out of thi misbegotten project smile , but i hear rush hour 2 is come in just a few week . 
