tim robbin and martin lawernc team up in thi road movi comedi . 
robbin play an exec who discov hi wife have sex with hi boss . 
he goe into depress , and drive around hi neighbourhood until he arriv insid the usual 'ghetto ' side of everi american citi . 
there , lawernc attempt to steal hi car , but to no avail , and is drag along with robbin 's on a trip to arizona . 
there , they hold up a store , are mistaken for two other robber ( just like in my cousin vinni ) and are chase by the polic , and the other robber . 
of cours , there 's gag along the way , usual from lawernc . 
although the film is midli funni , and quit watchabl , there 's someth so horribl familiar about it all . 
thi film should realli be call beverli hill midnight run there 's lawernc with hi wisecrack and heavi profan , just like eddi murphi in beverli hill cop , and pratic the same idea as midnight run . 
it 's full of all the road movi clich , and even ha a 'comedi ' car chase , which just seem so eighti . 
even the credit sequenc seem to be out of a steve martin , or chevi chase , eighti comedi . 
there also is n't much chemistri between robbin and lawernc . 
in plane , train and automobil , there wa real chemistri between steve martin and john candi . 
in noth to lose , there is hardli chemistri at all . 
toward the end the chemistri seem to work , but for the bulk of the film , there is hardli ani , 
the director direct the film in a workman like fashion , but get the joke across . 
and although there is no chemistri between the two lead , they give good perform on their own . 
lawer give a good eddi murphi perform , and robbin 's is alright aswel . 
howev , robbin 's perform is nowher near as good as the charact he play in jacob 's ladder , and the player . 
in fact , if you want to see robbin 's do comedi much better than in noth to lose , i suggest you rent out the hudsuck proxi , where he is much funnier . 
noth to lose doe have some funni moment in it , howev . 
the humour is n't particulari sophist , but if you enoji dumb & dumber , you might enjoy thi . 
the charact in arizona are funni , and there 's also a good scene where robbin 's ask a shopkeep which 'threaten approach ' wa better , lawer ( which consist of lawer threaten to shoot the shopkeep 's ass , and swear a lot ) , or himself , ( which wa speak in a deep , scari voic ) but the gag are predict , the lack of chemistri infur , and the end too far-fetch and 'perfect ' 
noth to lose then , is robbin 's first 'bad ' movi ( and hope hi last ) , and suggest that odereick should twice befor make anoth film . 
he nearli ruin carrey 's career with ace ventura : when natur call , let 's hope he ha n't ruin robbin 's ( or even lawer 's ) with noth to lose . 
