capsul : not as bad a sequel as crow 2 or batman & robin , but still horribl putrid , cheesi and ill-conceiv . 
thi one belong in saturday morn cartoon . . . 
extend review : you know , about halfway through thi movi , i realiz that if you hack out everyth except the fight scene , you 'd have a damn fine 35 minut or so of flashi , hong kong style martial art . 
beauti choreograph by robin shou , who also play liu kang , the fight scene are both mind-blow and grace , acrobat enough to make olymp gymnast weep . 
thi is what made the origin so fun , but unfortun for the sequel , we are without the frenet directori style of paul anderson . 
instead , they got john r . leonetti , the cinematograph for the origin mortal kombat . 
not a good choic . 
while the fight scene are brutal and eye-pop , the rest of the movi look like standard made for tv fare . 
the act is sub-par , which i could endur if it were not for a . ) the director 's style , b . ) the special effect , & c . ) the treatment of the stori and charact . 
a . ) mr . leonetti should go back to light , in my opinion . 
i could say dozen of bad thing about him : he way overus slow-mot , he ha no eye for action , he ca n't get even mediocr perform out of actor , and so on . 
but by far hi worst move wa the way he treat jump . 
apparantli , everybodi can now fli . 
hell , i 'm all for the occaision graviti defi flip kick and whatnot , but not when it happen everi few minut , and is done so poorli . 
better jump and acrobat ha been seen in xena : warrior princess . 
in short , they should have gotten paul anderson back . 
or at least let robin shou direct . . . 
b . ) unlik the first one , whose sfx were vibrant and somewhat realist , mk : a 's special effect are bland , fake look , and overal just plain bad . 
i count at least half a dozen time that blue-screen wa pain obviou . 
had thi movi been made in the 80 's , it would have been ground-break . 
but in today 's industri , it doe n't even look finish . 
c . ) now for the _really_ bad part . 
i admit , i 'm an avid fan of the mortal kombat seri . 
the game are amus divers , an easi way to work off stress and anger . 
the first movi wa a mindlessli fun thrillrid . 
thi could have been a realli cool movi . 
it is n't . 
the writer apparantli deem it necessari to lower the target audienc from teen to preschool . 
some of the plot element are just plain stupid . 
how stupid ? 
take , for instanc , how our hero move around . 
they use giant sphere the roll around underground , supposedli at thousand of mile per hour . . . oh 
boy . . . 
even wors is the treatment of secondari charact . 
blink and you 'll miss 'em . 
most charact had more depth in the video game . 
if you thought batman & robin wa bad about thi , you ai n't seen nothin ' yet . 
a good 75 % of the charact are introduc , kick somebodi around a bit , then either die or are forgotten about . 
there 's no explan at all for thi . 
and for the final blasphemi , the fight that all the fan were wait rabidli for , the fight hype to be the most intric of the movi , last about 3 minut and then just sort of . . . end . 
it almost made me weep . 
to sum it all up , rent it on video , and fast-forward through everyth except the fight scene . 
