plot : a rich guy who doe n't believ in love , order a mail-ord bride for himself . 
that veri even , the coupl is marri and fall madli in love soon thereaft . 
but what 's thi ? 
one of them might not be the person they are pretend to be ? 
wow . . . a 
sin , inde . 
critiqu : easili one of the worst movi that i 've seen all year . 
too long , too bore , too predict and too ridicul for anyon interest in watch a good movi . 
what the hell were they think when they made thi thing ? 
( it 's no wonder that the film ha been sit on the rack for about a year ) thi felt like a realli bad tv movi of the week , with some nuditi stuf in from time to time , just to wake up the audienc . 
have you ever switch channel and fallen upon one of those ridicul melodramat tv movi , one that you just could n't help but switch back to from time to time , just to make sure that it wa n't part of some sick joke ? 
well , thi movi is exactli like that , onli it is n't a joke , it is n't on tv and you are ask to pay money to see it ! ! 
i say again . . . what the shite were they think ? 
okay , so where do i start ? 
first of all , the trailer of thi film give away the movi 's main plot twist , the betray . 
so for the first half hour of the film , you 're basic just sit there , watch these two `` lover `` go through the motion until the `` betray `` occur . 
whoope , big surpris . 
second of all , angelina joli is horribl miscast in thi part . 
whi ? 
well , it 's like thi : not for one second do you ever believ that she is not a nasti backstab woman ! 
i mean , it 's like all of those peopl who complain about jack nicholson be psycho from the start of the shine , well , the same goe here . 
everi look in joli 's eye scream `` psycho `` ! 
then of cours , you have the case of the `` patsi `` husband , a man who just ca n't seem to figur out anyth in time . 
i mean . . . how 
bore is that for the audienc ? 
you 're watch thi guy screw up time after time after time , and somehow , we 're suppos to feel sorri or care about thi dude . 
no , thank ! 
and if we do n't care about him , and we realli do n't care about her ( she 's a beeyatch and as confus as we are about her actual motiv in the film ) , who the hell are we suppos to care about in thi film ? 
well , i 'll tell you . 
the onli thing that i wa worri about the whole way through thi pictur wa whether or not i 'd actual fall asleep befor the end credit roll . 
no suspens , no chemistri between the lead , no real love or passion , no sens of surpris , plenti of plot hole for everyon and an extra moron end . 
so whi am i even give thi film a rate of three point ? 
well , it 's actual pretti simpl . 
i like the locat in the movi and the groovi score , but my primari reason for slip three notch onto thi bedpost is for the gratuit shot of joli 's boobi ( that 's two point right there ! ) and anoth one for antonio 's ass ( hairless , just for the record ) . 
everyth els in thi movi wa pointless , bore and just plain stupid . 
tri imagin a soft-porn movi . . . but 
without the plot ! 
that 's pretti much what you 've got here . 
a low point in the career of both star . 
oop , i almost forgot to mention the crappi dialogu . . . god 
oh mighti . . . make 
it stop ! ! 
where 's joblo come from ? 
american psycho ( 9/10 ) - cruel intent ( 8/10 ) - eye wide shut ( 6/10 ) - fatal attract ( 8/10 ) - play by heart ( 7/10 ) - under suspicion ( 7/10 ) - what lie beneath ( 8/10 ) - what women want ( 4/10 ) - whip ( 7/10 ) 
