synopsi : an age master art thief , hi supplier , and a young , buxom secur consult are all not who they first appear to be ( or are they ? ) in thi convolut mess involv a riski heist dure the millennium . 
comment : thi movi wa bore . 
plain and simpl . 
entrap should not have been bore . 
it star sean conneri , who can still carri an action film despit hi age , catherin zeta-jon , a likeabl enough film presenc , and ving rhame , ultra-cool star of pulp fiction and mission : imposs . 
it take full advantag of the y2k comput bug fear ( a current `` hot topic `` in the news ) in it storylin , which is set at the end of 1999 . 
it ha some genuin well-stag action sequenc . 
so , what went wrong ? 
plenti , unfortun . 
the major problem with entrap is it script . 
it ha a been-ther , done-that feel to it . 
noth seem particularli invent or origin , so the whole movi lack suspens and drag ( it run nearli two hour ) . 
the screenwrit , for exampl , period use a countdown to the millennium as a mean of transit between scene ( i . e . 
`` 4 day to the millennium `` ) . 
thi devic wa use much more effect in the overlook sci-fi film strang day . 
the charact are not who they appear to be at the begin , which is neat at first but the devic wear thin onc the umpteenth `` surpris `` revel is made . 
entrap , in other word , reli too heavili on the audienc not know what each charact 's true motiv is , result in a convolut stori which leav mani scratch their head in confus . 
the star power here is quit strong , but the viewer ca n't help but feel the actor are wast in thi product . 
sean conneri is given such mind-numb line as `` never trust a nake woman . `` 
ving rhame ' charact seem like an afterthought ; he 's not develop at all . 
the camera zoom in frequent and leeringli at catherin zeta-jon 's tight wardrob . 
thi , in and of itself , is not bad , but , after a while , it ha a juvenil feel to it . 
at least the speci movi hold no bone about the fact that they 're exploit the femal bodi . 
entrap doe the same under the thin disguis of plot develop ( sean conneri supposedli fall in love with the girl while watch her , in tight , arc and pivot around laser beam ) . 
the taglin for thi movi read `` the trap is set . `` 
it sure is , on those who spent money to see thi movi . 
entrap realli is n't that bad ; it is watchabl . 
i would suggest , howev , one wait until thi is on cabl or televis to see it . 
