it 's amaz how a comedian can have the some of the funniest stand-up around but complet fall flat in the movi . 
take adam sandler . 
on the basi of hi first two cd ( `` they 're all gon na laugh at you ! `` 
and `` what the hell happen to me ? `` ) , 
he 's the best thing to hit comedi sinc robin william . 
but when you put him in front of a camera , it just is n't the same . 
i kind of enjoy happi gilmor and thought that it warrant a margin recommend , but hi latest film , the waterboy is about as funni as a root canal . 
serious , i 'm will to wager than there were more laugh in save privat ryan than there are here . 
in fact , i found thi movi to be more depress than comed . 
the first half hour gener not one smile in me , with it 's scene of emot abus toward adam 's charact of bobbi boucher not onli by the cruel footbal player , but also by hi veri disturb mother ( kathi bate - what is the world come to ? ) . 
grant , after the film get roll , there are a few mild chuckl throughout ( i 'm even will to admit that it actual had me laugh onc or twice ) , but not nearli enough to sustain the waterboy for it 's nearli hour and a half run time . 
you 're all familiar with the plot becaus you 've seen it at least a million time befor ; everyon pick on the hero until he show a hidden talent and lead the underdog team to victori over the champion , in the process not onli win the respect of hi teammat but also get the woman he love . 
and believ me , i 'm not give anyth away by say that sandler 's team win . 
if you would actual feel ani degre of suspens watch thi movi , then god be with you . 
the onli thing that keep thi bomb from get the big banana are the win perform from henri winkler as the insecur coach and the sever underr fairuza balk as bobbi 's love interest . 
i mean , they should be lend their talent to some loftier purpos , but they do extrem well with what they are given here . 
kudo to both of them . 
my advic to adam is to tri and follow in the footstep of veteran comedian like william and steve martin , who made a veri smooth and success transit from stage to screen . 
reli more on actual comedi rather than strang voic and rude nois to make peopl laugh . 
or mayb even show what dramat talent he might have , like jim carrey did with the recent truman show . 
with the obviou and consider talent that he possess , he just ca n't keep go on like thi . 
