the stereotyp american male ha an undeni fetishist love of sport car . 
produc jerri bruckheim play upon that attract with a movi so load with testosteron and lace titillatingli with shot after frenet shot of power muscl car , sleek foreign road hugger and icon speed machin that mani male will leav the theater in an orgasm haze . 
gone is 60 second is an orgi of male gone horribl awri . 
cage is legendari retir car thief , memphi rain ( do n't you love cute movi name ) , who must call upon hi time worn skill to save hi thick-head brother ( ribisi ) from be kill . 
seem a murder crime boss ( eccleston ) with a fetish for wood ( insert your own joke ) hire brother kip to steal a ridicul amount of expens , exot auto . 
fifti car , to be exact . 
poor kip screw the pooch and bungl the job badli . 
if the car are n't deliv in three day , bossman ha a casket carv out just for kip . 
liter . 
if onli someon could save him . 
hmmmm . . wonder 
what memphi is do ? 
in order to give the film some emot heft , there are sever subplot design to tug at our heartstr or give us the thrill of . . . yawn , excus me , dramat tension . 
shadow memphi is an old law enforc foe ( lindo ) who 's look to send memphi away . 
will he catch him ? 
there 's old flame sway ( joli ) , who had her heart broken by memphi year ago . 
will they get back togeth ? 
shortsight , thrill seeker kip idol hi brother , yet resent him for move away from the famili . 
will they reconnect ? 
rain old mentor ( duval ) ha long sinc left the life of crime . 
will memphi get him final caught as he pull him back into the life , one more time ? 
can you answer all these question correctli in 2 second without see the film first ? 
i 'll bet you can . 
follow the open credit , which fill you in on the accomplish of the rain famili through a montag of old photo , we wa taken full throttl into the splendor that is memphi . 
he 's first shown live the good life teach young children to drive go-cart . 
in a later scene , as misfit brother kip knowingli tell memphi he ha the stolen car situat under control , all the while make breakfast , a metaphor is made of shakespearean proport . 
just as a pan of greas flare up with kip clueless to how to quell it , big brother memphi calmli and effici throw some salt on it . 
look like everyth might turn out alright after all . 
you know thi becaus the music swell on the crest of violin . 
that 's about as strong as the character get , which is a shame . 
bruckheim ha a real talent for load hi movi with an obscen amount of talent given the task at hand . 
monument underus joli portray an empti head sexpot whose idea of sex revolv around car and memphi . 
or mayb it 's just the car . 
duval trot out hi orneri , but sweet old codger outfit . 
i 'm sure he 's still laugh at take a paycheck for thi one . 
lindo project a warm heart , but tightli focus detect that almost transcend the materi . 
the biggest wast of resourc is vinni jone , who play a mute accomplic of memphi . 
without say a word , he is easili the most charismat person in the movi . 
like a blast of nitrou oxid , he attack each scene with a straightforward zeal . 
too bad hi minut onscreen are so few . 
somehow , bruckheim manag to attract top hollywood act talent to high concept , poorli written movi , gussi up the film with lot of gold hue and pleasingli styliz action and they sell like proverbi hotcak . 
everi time someth clever happen it 's counterbalanc by someth so overtli wrong that it jerk you back into realiz you 're watch a movi . 
there 's a innov usag of black light that goe from be a novelti to a part of the plot . 
it 's counterbalanc by an extrem feebl attempt at humor by have an asian american repeatedli fail a driver 's test . 
imagin the yuk . 
there 's a segment where one of the thiev show anoth hi cool fake fingerprint trick . 
it 's counter by the lame semi-subplot of a car be stolen with a bunch of heroin in the trunk . 
the ramif are never explor . 
then there 's the ridicul of the mani cop who actual shoot at flee car . 
not onli is it stupid , but it 's against the law . 
thi is a movi made of pretti , but tepid car chase strung togeth by just enough charact interact to move the plot along . 
gone in 60 second aptli describ how long it 'll take for thi margin entertain , but empti film to leav your memori . 
