at time , you 'd think edtv would be an entertain film . 
i mean , who can resist the stori of your averag joe becom a celebr by have hi life film everi minut of everi day ? 
but thi averag joe , ed perkuni , ( matthew mcconaughay ) , is a sappi , lifeless creation that wander around , tri to solv everyon 's problem and settl hi own . 
mcconaughay is aw , especi becaus he is tri to pull off hi usual hollywood charm with a 3 week beard and torn jean . 
frankli , he had more charm in the devest flop the newton boy . 
he overact in everi way : hi overexagger bodi languag , obsess with kiss women everi second he get the chanc , and that clich scene where he lose someon in hi life , and drop to hi knee and cri . 
the rest of the cast is veri good ; especi martin landau ( as ed 's step-fath ) , who play a cute role as the close-to-death old guy that make all the witti comment . 
jenna elfman is good , ( but a littl overemot ) ; her main problem is that she keep get suck into bad film , i . e . 
ca n't hardli wait , and krippendorf 's tribe . 
woodi harrelson , as ed 's brother ray , doe hi usual egg-head role , with hi comic wit as well ( he wrote a book entitl , `` my brother piss on me . `` ) 
elizabeth hurley is perfectli cast as the easi slut , and denni hopper , in a quick cameo as ed 's biolog father , is a nice choic ( iron come after the role he turn down as christof in the truman show ) . 
ellen degener stood out as the execut who , after awhil , decid the show must not go on much to the opposit of the head exec , rob reiner 's opinion . 
i hate to compar thi film to the truman show , but the fact is , i wa asham to see thi movi . 
it felt that i had drop from colleg to kindergarten after see truman and ed . 
edtv had no real wit or geniu ; it wa typic hollywood . 
extract the tv part of the movi , you have the simpl plotlin : man steal brother 's girlfriend , girlfriend leav town , man get new slut girlfriend to feel like he can move on , slut break up with him , real girlfriend come back , and voila , you have a romanc . 
i got so restless dure thi movi , i almost walk out . 
the onli reason it doe n't drop below a `` c `` grade is becaus of the fine support perform . 
ad2am `` i almost lost my nose . . . and 
i like it . 
i like breath through it . `` 
-jack nicholson , chinatown 
