five year after hi directori debut base on stephen king 's write call the shawshank redempt ( 9/10 ) , writer/director frank darabont return to the big screen with anoth prison film base on the famou scribbl of stephen king . 
unlik the latter film , thi one is a big , long , labori bore . 
plot : a seven-foot death row inmat is discov to have secret heal power . 
critiqu : thi film is slow , drawn-out , bore , uninterest , unexcit , predict and top with a coupl of one-dimension `` evil `` charact . 
it onli posit attribut lie in it actor who all do credibl job and it messag of hope and belief in miracl . 
the real miracl of my night wa the fact that i did not fall asleep dure thi straightforward , unimpress film about a guy with special power who we never truli understand or care about . 
of cours , much like all other death row cell block , thi one is fill with decent inmat who all happen to be `` misunderstood `` , except for one cookie-cutt crazi guy who is evil personifi . 
and let 's not forget all the guard on death row , who also happen to be angel from the heaven abov , except for one cookie-cutt crazi guard who is also evil personifi ( and is there ani reason whi there are about six guard when there appear to be no more than three inmat ? ? ? ) . 
am i suppos to identifi with anyon in thi film ? 
or even more importantli , am i suppos to give a rat 's ass about anyon in thi film ? 
well , if i wa , i sure miss that boat , becaus the onli thing that i end up care about dure thi entir pictur wa the obscen amount of fat that tom hank ha been abl to burrow under hi loos chin . 
furthermor , there is absolut no reason in the world whi director frank darabont need to take three hour and ten minut out of anyon 's life to present thi stori . 
in fact , the stori is empti within itself . 
i truli did not get anyth out of the film other than the fact that there is a guy on death row who ha special power to heal , and we are left wonder if he should still be execut or not . 
wow . 
how interest . 
the plot 's utter predict is also at fault here with one guess as to whom is to get heal by the gentl monster in thi film ( we are told that one certain ladi ha a tumor earli on in the movi ) . 
whip out those think cap , kid ! 
hmmm , and i wonder what will happen to those two cookie-cutt `` evil `` guy who have noth in their system but hate and neg . 
hmmmm , now think hard here , boy and girl . 
what a crock ! 
i am guess that thi film wa suppos to be some three-hour exercis in spiritu , but unfortun for me , it wa neither spiritu or the least bit engag . 
in fact , it wa one big bore . 
i did n't see the point of the movi , i did n't see the point of the stori and i certainli did n't see the point in tom hank ' big double-chin . 
all in all , a bad movi star some great actor do solid work , especi michael clark duncan as the man of the hour , john coffey . 
give that man an award or someth ! 
