i read the new yorker magazin and i enjoy some of their realli in-depth articl about some incid . 
they will take some incid like the investig of a mysteri plane crash and tell you what happen in detail . 
it becom a real educ in what agenc get involv and how theori are suggest , and what kind of pressur the investig are under , and just about ani other aspect you can think of . 
frequent i get the feel that the articl sound excit , but i am be told in more detail than i realli want to know . 
often i get to the middl of a stori and say , ok , it sound good but i now have invest more time than i am will to spend on thi subject . 
film is a differ medium . 
it is a visual medium . 
that slow down the tell of stori much more than peopl realiz . 
i frequent am surpris to find out how short a film script is and how much of the page are empti space . 
the magazin articl and the film script are two veri differ media . 
the insid is a film adapt of the vaniti fair articl `` the man who knew too much `` by mari brenner . 
it is too much an adapt of a magazin articl slow to the pace of a film . 
it realli verg on be tediou at least at time . 
for year the seven big compani knew that they dealt in an addict drug that caus a host of unhealthi side-effect . 
but they pretend for the public that it wa unproven and they did not realli believ it . 
the busi wa incred profit and the proce translat into the polit power to squelch and discredit ani polit movement against big tobacco . 
the tide turn when a former vice-presid of one of the compani wa convinc by the cb 60 minut news team to tell the public how much the tobacco compani realli knew about the health effect of smoke . 
the result pressur to stop the stori creat a small civil war at cb . 
who were the major peopl involv , what were their motiv , how wa the stori almost kill , how did it get air anyway ? 
that is the stori cover in surpris detail by the insid . 
thi all could have been enthral , but it is not the sort of thing that a stylist like michael mann would be like to do well . 
and in the end , he fail . 
to make a long stori short , the film need a director who knew how to make a long stori short . 
the film open with the cb 60 minut team in iran with the assign to interview a terrorist . 
we get a tast for their person style and how they get the upper hand . 
they go from be one newsman blindfold at the hand of the terrorist to the actual interview with mike wallac ( play by christoph plummer ) . 
there the news team under produc lowel bergman ( al pacino ) are order around the terrorist and get away with it . 
thi seem to have noth to do with the main line of the stori , but later when the tobacco industri is so much harder to manipul than commit terrorist , we have a wri ironi on who realli ha clout in the world . 
terrorist can grab the headlin , but the tobacco compani have the real posit of power . 
incongru intercut with the iran interview sequenc we see jeffrey wigand ( russel crow ) dejectedli return from work to hi home . 
we discov that he ha been fire and hi career brought to a complet halt unexpectedli . 
he had been a veri profit reward vice-presid in charg or research and develop at brown and william tobacco ; now he wa unemploy and need money to support hi famili . 
rather than support him hi wife lian ( dian venora ) demand of him what are they suppos to do for incom . 
meanwhil the 60 minut team tri to do a stori on fire start by cigarett have obtain some data they do not understand . 
they offer wigand $ 12 , 000 just to interpret the data . 
wigand 's sever agreement swear him to secreci about anyth he know about tobacco deal , but he is reluctantli he stretch the sever term . 
he is will to read some document from anoth tobacco compani and interpret them for bergman . 
in spite of the secreci , wigand 's former employ seem immedi to know wigand is talk to 60 minut and he is warn off by former boss thoma sandefur play michael gambon in an all too brief but delici sinist role . 
and so the game begin . 
wigand is irat at hi neg treatment for what he still consid continu to be loyalti to hi agreement and hi former employ . 
meanwhil someon is play veri rough with wigand and hi famili . 
the film examin wigand and the pressur place on hi famili as they are caught between two power giant . 
wigand ha alway want to make tobacco safer and ha natur sympathi with get the stori out . 
he and hi famili are assault psycholog and financi by the giant tobacco industri that had never lost a legal fight . 
al pacino is given top bill but the wigand famili is the core of the insid . 
the stori is told slowli and in just a bit too much meticul detail . 
the film is 157 minut and is an extrem demand film for the audienc . 
the music score by pieter bourk , lisa gerrard , and graem revel is one of the worst in recent memori . 
it put omin chord under some scene and use voic in way that becom a distract that get in the way of the storytel . 
also disturb is the cast of christoph plummer as mike wallac . 
plummer and wallac are such differ type and wallac is too well-known for even so good an actor as plummer to play him convincingli . 
thi film might have been a realli engag experi under anoth director 's control . 
michael mann wa the wrong person to helm thi film and the insid lack intens becaus of hi style . 
i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
