the most popular trend of the last coupl of year ha been the twist end . 
watch one of these movi , everyth seem to make sens until suddenli you are blown away by an unexpect surpris . 
when the film end , there is a moment of confus , then recollect , then some more confus , then possibl a second view for clarif . 
thi is a descript of an ideal twist that perfect everyth it set out to do and more . 
good surpris make movi fun to watch . 
then there are the bad twist . 
you either know what is go to happen ten minut into the movi ( i 'm talk about you reindeer game ) or you did not guess the end becaus it is so outrag stupid . 
screw perfectli suit the latter descript . 
what start out as a dumb guilti pleasur which should be fun to mock with a group of friend end with a complex final with way too much go on . 
by the writer of man on the moon and the peopl vs . 
larri flynt , scott alexand and larri karaszewski leav milo forman behind and take a stab at film direct . 
whoop . 
screw is an inan christma carol gone berserk with few genuin laugh and mani act embarrass . 
norm macdonald star as willard filmor , a hard work chauffeur who just want a littl respect from hi rich , old , insidi boss , miss crock ( elain stritch ) . 
when he overhear her plan to fire him on christma day , willard is convinc by hi best friend rusti ( dave chapel ) to kidnap crock 's belov dog and hold it for a ransom of one million dollar . 
too excit to pay ani attent , the hapless loser ' plan goe awri when the dog escap and return home . 
now crock think willard ha been kidnap and the two friend , realiz they can make even more money , decid to stage the fake kidnap . 
of cours , everyth that could go wrong doe . 
the first forty-f minut of screw is harmless entertain - a guilti pleasur that should be enjoy bad . 
but the convolut script eventu build into a disast that is imposs to bear . 
the more idiot these charact get , the more reckless the script becom . 
at one point , i want to get out of my seat and yell at these charact : `` no , you idiot ! `` 
i 'm not just talk about willard and rusti , who were extrem annoy , i 'm also talk about the cop in thi film . 
a monkey could have solv thi case within an hour but these guy ( head by murder one 's daniel benzali ) were just too clueless to forgiv . 
they give real cop bad name . 
also poor danni devito appar doe not know how to turn down a role these day . 
look almost ident to hi penguin in batman : return , everi time he appear on the screen i had to shake my head in disbelief . 
he just did n't belong in thi movi . 
macdonald and chapel are veteran at these kind of movi but devito made the film much wors than it alreadi wa , gross out humor is certainli not hi fort . 
if you 're a fan of norm macdonald 's other chaotic comedi , dirti work , you might actual love thi near-sequel . 
otherwis , do n't get screw out of your hard-earn money . 
