i should have known , damn it , i should have known . 
ewan mcgregor - codenam : `` eye `` - is point a high-tech rifle-li gadget at a fat , bald business-ori american engag in illicit sexual activ in a window across the street . 
we get the requisit electro-green through-the-sight view . 
we the audienc , see a high tech rifle-li gadget , of cours think that eye is go to assassin the target , but instead , he pull the trigger and the rifl take twenti or so hazi , low-qual photograph , which eye then proce to fax and e-mail to everyon in hi target 's offic . 
all right , so thirti second in , i wa slightli befuddl by thi seemingli pointless rifle/camera , but i wa still open mind . . . 
mayb there 's a realli good reason for it . 
i 've got reason to believ , you see - i admir a lot of ewan mcgregor 's previou work . . . 
and he 's obi wan ke- friggin-nobi for god 's sake . 
and director stephan elliot 's last movi priscilla , queen of the desert wa a quirki littl delight . 
there 's some genuin talent involv here . 
i think at the twenti minut mark , there wa still a spark of hope in my heart . 
eye ha been assign to investig the leader of hi organ 's son ( i still have no idea what thi organ wa - british intellig ? 
nation spi ring ? 
privat investig ? ) , who is appar steal from hi trust fund . 
he ha receiv hi assign from k . d . 
lang , through an elabor and expens teleconferenc briefcas . 
when eye track hi target to an expensive- look seclud hous , he wit a mysteri and beauti woman ( ashley judd ) take a knife out and proceed to stab the poor bastard . 
ok , that 's odd , i think to myself , thi could be interest . 
then she start to cri , and through her tear exclaim `` merri christma , dad ! `` 
for the first time . 
so begin our tale of obsess . . . 
or . . . someth . 
the rest of the movi involv ewan mcgregor 's eye charact follow ashley judd around to everi corner of the unit state , total and complet obsess by thi woman from afar . 
throughout hi entir profession life , he ha been a voyeur ; so when he fall for someon , the onli way he can handl it is to watch and drool through telescop and camera . 
fine , that 's a love premis , i suppos . 
but gosh darn it , if you 're go to go there , you better have some sort of explan . 
and that 's precis where thi film fail . 
thi is the kind of movi that piss me off . 
it 's an abort , a collect of half-form and wast idea that amount to absolut noth in the end . 
it pretend it is someth that it is not - a surreal and deep psycholog charact studi wrap in a high-tech thriller . 
here , the filmmak have confus `` surreal `` and `` deep `` with `` vagu unclear `` and `` cram full of insultingli obviou metaphor . `` 
i never , even for an instant , had the foggiest idea whi eye would fall so in `` love `` with thi woman who chang wig and kill peopl . 
the movi offer onli two explan , neither of which make a lick of sens . 
explan number one : the obnoxi presenc of eye 's imaginari daughter , who wa taken away from him by hi wife some time ago , tell him he should n't leav ms . judd . 
explan two , which by the end of the film ha been beaten into our head through imageri and dialog and even the titl of the movi : `` beauti is in the eye of the behold . `` 
whoo hoo , that help , thank a bunch , case close . 
that 's as deep as it get , folk . 
there is an attempt at an explan in the final minut , which , instead of tie everyth togeth , end up be as profound as a clever sixth-grad mad lib . 
there are secondari charact that move in and out of the pictur and serv littl or no purpos except to make the audienc wonder what the hell the point wa . 
my person favorit includ : the prison-matron model after austin power ' frau farbissina , who appar taught ms . judd everyth she know about wear wig ; jason priestley 's aw play dirti desert vagrant # 1 , who tri to emul denni hopper a la blue velvet , but fail miser ; and the cop-who-sees-ashley-fleeing-an-accident-scene-and- then-wants-to-pay-for-sex- but-is-shot . 
each one in thi sad littl parad is a littl more pointless than the last . 
the script pay no attent to the law of time and space . 
ani time one of the frequent locat chang occur , the camera zoom in on a souvenir snow globe , and minut , week , or year could have pass . 
bewilderingli inan stylist decis plagu the whole affair - one charact pass a glass of cognac to anoth in a slow-mot close-up awash in a lot of bass . 
ewan mcgregor at one point take up resid in a bell tower just so he could be repeatedli awaken and deafen by the giant bell . 
jason priestli start philosoph about shark , then laugh maniac . . . 
cut to random guy with eye patch . . . 
iguana out of focu . . . 
iguana come into focu . 
wow , man . 
when i found out afterward that thi film wa base on a novel , it came as no surpris to me . 
there are plenti of element here that , if extend and flesh out more , would have made for a decent stori . 
and i would n't be surpris if i found out there wa an hour and a half of footag cut from thi movi lie in a landfil somewher , or wait in the wing for the dvd special director 's cut . . . 
not that anyth would ever possess me to purchas such a thing to find out what i wa miss . 
the last ten or so minut featur a convers between the eye and the judd that wa suppos to be some sort of reveal exposit . 
some guy in the back of the theater wa talk on hi cell phone , and thi time i did n't particularli care all that much becaus what wa happen on the screen wa a steam pile of unholi crap ; the audienc around me chuckl and whisper sentiment similar to what i wa think . 
someon near cell-phone-guy did eventu yell , `` shut the hell up ! `` , but it wa a lot funnier when we thought he wa talk to the screen . 
