synopsi : blond crimin psychologist sarah choos to copul with greasi toni the mysteri puerto rican rather than beard cliff the wisecrack neighbor upstair . 
in the meantim , someon send sarah rot flower , put her name in the newspap 's obituari column , and kill her cat . 
comment : never talk to stranger , a coloss wast of time , move slower than molass in winter to arriv at a conclus which should be obviou to the audienc 20 minut into the film . 
one would n't think that two genuin movi star , antonio bandera ( evita ) and rebecca de mornay ( hand that rock the cradl ) , and the acerb comic geniu denni miller ( `` saturday night live `` ) would be involv in such a celluloid backfir as thi turkey . 
not onli are they in it , howev , but de mornay execut produc it . 
what wa she think ? 
never talk to stranger center upon sarah , a psychologist examin the ill-temp max , a murder soon to stand trial . 
she receiv a sudden visit from her father which elicit flashback of some tragedi in her earli childhood . 
two men woo her ; toni the `` secur consult `` win her over ( so they have passion sex replet with cheesi saxophon music ) . 
a lot of psychobabbl is thrown around about multipl person disord , but the movi ask it audienc not to deriv the obviou conclus between mpd and sarah , and instead offer sever male charact as red her . 
86 minut , the run time of thi cinemat mess , thu , seem like 86 hour . 
a good chunk of never talk to stranger is spent upon sarah and toni . 
whi would the career-mind , profession sarah feel attract to the walk steroid with a black hat call toni ? 
that 's one of the film 's mysteri which are never answer . 
regardless of motiv , de mornay and bandera strip down and have sex sever time in what pass for erotic . 
they also manag to go out befor copul occasion -- in one of the stupidest scene of the film , toni take sarah to a carniv that 's * right outsid * hi dingi apart ( that way , they can hurri back and have sex quickli ) . 
also , appar , the weather chang quickli in their local : they 're at thi outdoor carniv one day befor have sex ; the next day , they 're out play in the snow befor have sex . 
the filmmak attempt to produc a suspens plot interspers with toni and sarah 's `` charact develop . `` 
someon is out to get poor sarah ( though most of the audienc should have figur out who befor ani of thi start ) . 
rot flower , a writeup in the obituari , and a beaten neighbor are just a few of the bad thing which happen to her . 
suspens clich number one also occur : whenev someon is stalk in thriller , by ani mean , if the stalk ha a pet , that pet will die . 
oftentim , to even further the clich , the murder pet is a cat ( suspens filmmak , for some reason , just do n't like cat ) . 
sarah , in never talk to stranger , receiv a packag and , lo and behold , discov her mutil cat within . 
suspens at it veri deriv ! 
as state befor , never talk to stranger is a poor excus for a film whose sole purpos seem to be exploit bandera and de mornay 's bodi as often as possibl . 
comedian denni miller is complet wast here ( he 's not given line that are suitabl for hi persona ) and doe n't even appear all that much . 
mayb , in a way , he 's lucki for that . 
earli on in the movi , sarah tell toni , after meet him in a supermarket , that she had been advis to never talk to stranger . 
allow me to advis that you never watch thi stinker . 
