hey , i 've got a great idea for a movi ! 
ok , here it is : we 'll get tim allen to pull angri face for about two hour or so ! 
what 's that ? 
sound too bore ? 
ok , how about thi then : we still have tim allen pull face for about two hour , but half of them are angri look and half of them are `` i 'm in pain ! `` 
look ! 
what 's that ? 
that still doe n't sound funni to you ? 
how about if we through in some `` ewwwww ! `` 
look ? 
still not funni ? 
if you answer `` no , that doe n't sound funni `` , then ( ding ding ding ! ) 
you 're absolut correct ! 
for richer or poorer is a moron farc about a rich marri coupl ( play by tim allen and kirsti alley ) who seek refug in an amish commun after their bumbl account ( wayn knight , best know as newman on tv 's `` seinfeld `` ) get them in troubl for tax evas . 
what ensu is a badli script and horribl direct 114 minut of cinema hell . 
what make thi all wrong is that nobodi seem to have what the film need . 
. 
. 
name , talent ! 
back up , the marri coupl is brad and carolin sexton ( allen and alley ) , a popular snobbi duo who seem total in love to everyon els , but in realiti are on the brink of divorc . 
just as their marriag seem to be hang from it 's final thread , brad discov that hi account , bob lachman ( knight ) , ha been engag in illegitim deal in the sexton 's name . 
the ir catch on , but sinc everyth point back to the sexton 's and not lachman , there is noth much to do . 
. 
. 
except run away and join an amish commun . 
first time screenwrit jana howington and steve lukan give us a coupl of chuckle-out-loud moment , and even some decent laugh here and * way * over there , but there is so much to cring at in thi horribl made film that you 'll like miss the laugh while regurgit popcorn . 
alley is absolut unwatch , and the chemistri between her and allen is about as believ as my chemistri homework from tenth grade ( which , i inform you , wa total b . s . ) . 
allen and alley are in no way convinc as tycoon , nor are they veri convinc as an amish coupl ! 
thi entir movi is one bad ill-conceiv notion that should have been curtail from the veri begin ! 
the amish in thi movi are also flimsi and unconvinc . 
it 's such a trite , stereotyp script that i imagin the actor that were cast ( notic that they 're all predominantli tv figur ) were probabl the onli one they could get ! 
bryan spicer 's direct doe n't help one bit , either . 
in fact , list spicer 's filmographi ( which includ the first `` power ranger `` movi and the big screen adapt of mchale 's navi ) is more of an insult than a r ? sum ? ! 
now that i 've pretti much run for richer or poorer into the ground , i will let you in on the best thing about it . 
it bump seven film up a notch on my `` worst of `` 1997 movi list . 
that 's right , thank to thi film rank at number 3 for the year 's worst , six film are now not seemingli as bad , and a smile like your , previous inhabit the number ten spot , now doe n't have to suffer the ridicul of make my bottom ten list . 
if you look at it in that respect , for richer or poorer will end up make someon happi after all ! 
