a sensuou romant comedi , about as appeal as your averag lightweight tv sitcom . 
there is no special ingredi on the menu for what is dish out , it the kind of stuff i 've seen befor and wa made nauseou by it silli idea of love and what it think is funni . 
the film plan to exploit the beauti and sweet of it delici star pen ? lope cruz , who play a brazilian chef with a magic touch for bring out the spice in her prepar , the aroma just sensual waft from her cook pot , but who ca n't get by on look alon in thi transpar predict stori . 
pen ? lope wa wonder in pedro almod ? var 's `` all about my mother , `` but here she is so visibl in such a stale stori , where she can onli smile and teas the audienc by have us see a constant barrag of cleavag shot as she bend when cook , that she somehow look ridicul , as if she got egg all over her face . 
the best you can say about her , is that she 's not to blame for thi pictur be so off . 
thi exploit of sex film without even deliv nuditi or sex , is in my opinion , worst than a raunchi film that deliv what it say it will . 
the stori is all about the love , motion sick , and cook abil of isabella ( cruz ) , who is born in bahia , brazil and learn to cook at an earli age from her parent ' cook . 
to cure her motion sick , her parent tri everi remedi , until they went to a spiritualist who pray to the goddess of the sea for her cure . 
she is abl to control it now as long as she doe n't drive a car , ride elev , follow in danc , and is the woman on top when make love . 
in other word , she ha to be in control of thing . 
in her small fish town she fall in love with a handsom macho latin waiter , toninho oliveira ( murilo ben ? cio ) and marri him . 
they open up a success restaur , where she slave away in the kitchen but he get all the credit for it , even though he 's a loafer . 
one night she catch him in bed with anoth girl and decid to leav for san francisco . 
we do n't see her in flight , so i ca n't tell how she handl her motion sick problem -- unless she flew the plane . 
she visit her friend 's apart monica ( harold perrineau jr . ) , who is a cross-dress , blend right into the san francisco scene . 
to cast away her love for the irresist toninho , she call her spiritualist friend and get her to cast an irrevers spell , free her from ever love him again . 
her luck chang when a local tv produc cliff ( mark feurerstein ) get a whiff of her cook and storm into her cook class as if were in a spell and present her with her own live tv cook show . 
you can realli write the script from here on by yourself . . . as the despond toninho begin to realiz what a good thing he had , but thing continu to go bad for him : there is a curs he caus on the fish in hi villag , there is no chef to replac hi wife , as the restaur is about to close for good . 
so he come to san francisco , figur he can charm her again . 
he bring along with him hi guitar play musician , the one he use when court her , when he serenad her under her window . 
he see hi wife on tv with monica as her sidekick , the yuppi tv produc chase after her , and see that she is no longer charm by him . 
when he sneak on her tv show set and tri to woo her with hi music group and him sing corni love song to her , the rate go up and he 's hire as a regular on the show . 
the show get so big , that the network honcho come onboard , take it nation . 
but they want to chang the ethnic flavor of the show , get rid of monica becaus he 's a freak , have isabella cook with tabasco instead of the brazilian pepper she use , and they chang her ethnic dress to low-cut vanna white type of sexi dress . 
cliff , her would-b boyfriend , act creepi and side with the network big-shot , even though he love everyth she did . 
these tv scene were not onli bad stereotyp scene of tv honcho , they were revolt . 
it wa an insult to one 's intellig . 
i 'm sure that i 'm not spoil the end for anyon , when i tell you that toninho reform hi macho way and togeth they cook up a meal that break her spell of love him again . 
if the film wa n't terribl enough , monica and cliff act on their attract for each other and becom lover . 
it wa so awkwardli done , that it had no sens of truth or humor to it . 
thi film might as well have been made by the same network guy featur in thi film , becaus it doe n't look or feel like an almod ? var film , the type of film it aspir to be , but more like a film that wa interf with from abov . 
it more like a futil commerci film that is more annoy than charm and more dull than chic , as it search for box offic heaven . 
