if i were one of those arrog critic who think hi review ha some great impact on the success or failur of certain film , i might say that i review movi that do n't look particularli good becaus i 'm do a servic to my reader by warn them against see it . 
if that were true , i could put a banner at the top of my site that read : `` shay casey : see bad movi so you do n't have to . `` 
but i know that 's bunk-you 're go to see whatev movi you want to no matter what i say . 
so i have to tell the truth : everi onc in a while i get a nasti , masochist urg to see a bad movi . 
you know the feel , when you 're sick of see all these damn academi award contend and you want to see someth you can have a ball trash mercilessli . 
sometim i think that 's whi anyon goe to see pauli shore movi , ever . 
admit it : sometim you like see bad movi . 
so do i . 
so i saw `` supernova . `` 
truth be told , `` supernova `` wa n't quit as bad as i thought it might be . 
mayb i just felt sorri for the actor , or mayb i thought it could have been decent if the studio had n't start tinker with the director 's ( walter hill ) final cut , caus him to want hi name remov . 
mayb i 'm becom a softi . 
in ani case , i did n't find `` supernova `` as bad as the advanc buzz would have me believ . 
but it 's still bad . 
the film take place aboard the medic space vessel `` nightingal . `` 
the crew includ captain a . j . 
marley ( robert forster ) , hi new second offic nick vanzant ( jame spader ) , head medic offic kaela ever ( angela bassett ) , medic technician yerzi penalosa ( lou diamond phillip ) and danika lund ( robin tunney ) , and comput technician benj sotomejor ( wilson cruz ) . 
there are some attempt at `` character , `` but all that mean is that nick ha a shadi past involv a drug addict , which put kaela on edg , yerzi and danika have a relationship that requir them to make kissy-fac at each other everi five minut , and benj ( appar gay ) is in love with the comput ( appar femal ) . 
do n't expect ani more explan , becaus you wo n't get it . 
anyway , the crew get a distress call from a locat deep in space to which a fail mine oper had been sent . 
dure the dimens jump ( i think that 's what it 's call , but do n't hold me to it ) , the captain is kill and the man who sent the distress signal ( peter facinelli ) is brought on board . 
he call himself troy larson , make him the suppos son of a man kaela onc had a relationship with . 
then a bunch of realli predict stuff start happen . 
have you seen `` alien ? `` 
have you seen `` event horizon `` ( a lame movi in it own right ) ? 
good . 
then you 've seen `` supernova . `` 
post-product cut or not , there is noth origin about thi screenplay , and noth unpredict either . 
after all , no one 's go to think for a second that troy wo n't turn out to be a villain . 
but the bigger problem with `` supernova `` is that it can ' t just stick to the simpl plot it 's afford . 
numer re-writ ( the script may be credit to three peopl , but it 's a gross underestim ) have cram thi lean 90-minut film with ton of extran plot thread that all remain underdevelop . 
wa there someth about a limp robot shape like a fighter pilot ? 
did the ship 's comput learn someth about human ? 
what wa that glow lava lamp artifact troy brought on board with him ? 
and just what doe the film 's titl signifi , if anyth ? 
as far as i can tell , it refer to a veri small plot detail that is n't develop , just like the rest of these unnecessari stori element . 
charact relationship in thi film also make veri littl sens . 
for some reason , everi person in thi film keep have sex . 
we get an unusu earli sex scene between phillip and tunney within the first 10 minut . 
bassett and spader 's charact start off hate each other . 
fifteen minut and one bottl of pear brandi later , they 're engag in some hanky-panki . 
when troy the creepi stranger show up on the ship , of cours both femal crew member will fall in love with him . 
everi singl shift in charact interact happen extrem suddenli , which is onli one of the mani obviou clue to how much thi film ha been cut . 
the most promin exampl , howev , may be the fact that when the film start , there are no open credit ! 
furthermor , the end of the film look like they took what were origin intend to be the open credit and splice them in right befor the real end credit . 
mayb that 's whi the film 's titl is mention twice dure the end credit , right between jame spader and robert forster . 
right after you get over the shock of not be told what movi you 're see ( lest you decid to walk out upon make that discoveri ) , you might notic that the movi seem to have drop you right in the middl of a scene , with little-to-no introduct to ani of the charact or situat . 
the rest of the movi feel like they skip over the middl stuff in the charact chang ( you know , where they explain thing ) and just went from point a to point b . point a : danika is thoroughli enamor of yerzi and is readi to have hi babi . 
point b : tunney is now shag troy and yerzi is unusu obsess with the lava lamp thing . 
doe n't make sens . 
sinc i did n't understand anyth about these charact ' motiv , did i care when troy abruptli start murder them one-by-on ( and he doe , knock off three of them in about 10 minut ) ? 
not a whit . 
it 's a shame , becaus thi cast contain a lot of talent actor look for someth to do . 
they do n't find it . 
bassett and spader say everi line in the same monoton voic with the same blank express on their face . 
sexual tension ? 
more like constip . 
mayb they 're just embarrass at have to utter such howler as `` thi thing wa made by someon more power than god and a whole lot less nice . `` 
not that we ever find out who that is , mind you . 
the climax of their relationship ( take place in a transport pod ) is probabl the film 's biggest forehead-slapp . 
as troy , peter facinelli inhabit the most obviou villain in histori that no one ever suspect . 
he ' s aw one-not , but it 's not as if he 's given ani more note to work with . 
the rest of the cast doe even less . 
tunney stand around look cute , then scare . 
phillip brood . 
cruz flirt with the comput . 
then they all die and a star blow up or someth , but i realli wa n't pay much attent by then . 
`` supernova `` is pretti aw , but i 'm cut it a littl slack mere becaus i expect less than what i got . 
that 's it . 
if you expect it to be good ( for whatev reason you may have ) , you 'll probabl hate it more than i will . 
even the special effect are fairli unimpress , noth you haven ' t seen befor , and suffic to say the script is n't go to save the film . 
honestli , though , what do you expect from a film with about a dozen writer and a director who had hi name remov and replac with a pseudonym ? 
it usual result in a bad movi , and that 's what `` supernova `` is . 
