there have been bad film in recent year : 'mr . 
magoo ' wa by far the worst ever made , the spectacularli bad 'blue in the face ' , the horribl 'babi genuis ' and now ' i woke up earli the day i die ' . 
it may not howev be the worst movi made but it certainli rank as one bad movi . 
the film 's act ( if that 's what you want to call it ) is well mediocr to me . 
load with a sensat cast you would think that the cast would at least save the film a bit , boy wa i wrong . 
after escap from a mental institut 'the thief ' play by billi zane goe out in the real world and find that it is pretti harsh and gritti . 
he turn to burglari to surviv , rob a loan back , kill the loan offic and run with thousand . 
a country-wid man hunt is on for him to catch him and bring him down . 
he end up in a cemeteri where he put hi money in a coffin to keep it for later , come back and realiz that someon took it and put it somewher . 
now he is determin to kill all the visitor at the funer earlier that day until he get hi money back , ultim lead to a final that is less that satisfi . 
a film which wa base on a 'long-lost ' script by ed wood , i have onli one question : no dialogu , onli music and movement where exactli is the point ? 
the film move along at a rather slow pace , but doe have one advantag : the soundtrack which is catchi and vibrant except the first song which can be offens to some . 
it open with a fun , innov open credit sequenc and quickli goe downhil after that . 
some of the low point are when 'the thief ' steal a woman 's purs , and then she faint , sandra bernhard as a dancer and tippi hendren as a deaf woman whom 'the thief ' kill to the music of 'psycho ' . 
come on peopl get some new idea alreadi ! 
what 's even wors is that the film ha no plot at all . 
well to a certain extent it doe , but who care by the time the middl of the film arriv we 're bore out of our mind and readi for someth fun and excit to happen . 
' i woke up earli the day i die ' is a perfectli bad film . 
it show us how low filmmak get sometim just when desper to make a movi . 
even with the huge cast talent , the film is a wast of my time and certainli a wast of your . 
