a film that mean well , but is too pushi in promot it belabor point and too sentiment to be compel as a drama . 
it 's jeroen krabb ? 's melodrama about a commun of jew in antwerp in 1972 who ca n't forget their bitter past . 
the heroin is an attract , carefre , nonreligi 20-year-old , chaja ( fraser ) , who want to forget her jewish root by get involv in student demonstr , screw a student rebel leader , and live with her gentil friend away from her nag mother ( s ? gebrecht ) and her self-absorb , eccentr father ( schell ) . 
her parent are survivor of the holocaust concentr camp , and her home life is fill with angst . 
her mother is in denial about the past alway busi herself by cook soup and bake cake and complain about everyth , while her father is more openli love but ha recent been absorb in search for two suitcas fill with memento , a famili album , silverwar , and hi old violin . 
he buri them in a garden dure the war while flee the nazi , but ca n't locat them now due to all the chang in the citi . 
out of frustrat after quit her job as a dishwash and face evict from her apart , she reluctantli accept a job as a nanni with an hasid coupl that an old man in her parent ' apart build , mr . apfelschnitt ( topol ) , tell her about . 
the hasid are ultra-orthodox : they do n't go to the cinema or watch tv , adher to strict dress code , and strictli observ their religi law . 
chaja is at first put off by the way they expect her to follow their rule , but soon find the wife , mr . kalman ( rossellini ) , to be kind and she becom attach to one of her 5 children , a 4-year-old name simcha ( monti ) who doe n't talk . 
the stern mr . kalman ( krabb ? ) is not friendli to her and consid her to be a whore becaus of the way she dress . 
to hammer home the point of how anti-semit ha n't gone away there 's a barrag of overdon and uninvolv scene with a sneer concierg ( bradley ) , who keep make nasti remark about jew and tri to make thing inconveni for them by prevent the jewish famili from use the elev . 
the film is done in by it ham-fist script as the stori , adapt from carl friedman 's book `` the shovel and the loom , `` goe from one fals note to anoth until it get lost in all the goo of it sentiment . 
it start off tell chaja 's stori of how she 's a lost jewess tri to find her ident , then to her nanni role as she love a mute child stuck in an insul environ , and then it make it a stori about the linger effect of the bitter past that ca n't be forgotten . 
the effort seem heavy-hand , as the film kept deliv too mani obviou messag that it ponder kept deliv through the stock charact . 
the support cast consist of all wooden charact who give their role a cartoonish flavor : chaja 's parent are given no human shade , while the janitor villain wa a particularli annoy role that wa one-dimension and fals act . 
the onli one who fought through the script and show some feel were fraser , whose effervesc face wa express of both the tri time she wa go through and the joy she felt -- but most admir show how she could be so mistaken as to think that she could forget her root ; while rossellini gave a warm perform of a woman suffer in silenc , but is strong in accept her faith . 
topol 's reassur perform as the wise man who say all the right thing to fraser , act as the true voic of the filmmak in explain all the suffer with common sens . 
the film brazenli use littl simcha to get across it agenda of point out how the patriarch world can be cruel when it ca n't love : it start out by show how under chaja 's love care he 's taken to the duck pond and soon start jabber away , begin by say 'quack , quack ' and then go on to ask the four question dure a passov seder . 
but by show how the boy is so terrifi of hi strict father that he wet hi pant in hi presenc , refus to speak becaus of hi stern dad , and eventu becom the victim of a tragic accid , the film therebi exploit the boy 's suffer and hi stori just becom tiresom and not sincer done . 
i felt i did n't just see a movi , but i attend a lectur for the whole 100 minut of thi seriou but unappet stori . 
it wa the kind of movi that you hope would somehow end soon , as it seem to be in the habit of rehash it same viewpoint unnecessarili -- the messag it keep send wa alreadi receiv . 
in the last shot where father and daughter are hopelessli dig for the lost luggag , one ha the impress that no one in the film learn anyth about themselv or the past . 
that seem strang , sinc i thought that wa what thi film wa suppos to be about . 
unless i wa mistaken and the film 's real aim wa to make us cri over simcha . 
