i 'm a dedic fan of writer kevin williamson 's work . 
he alway find a clever way to spice up old materi with witti dialogu and fresh idea that stem from hi invent brain . 
with teach mr . tingl , hi directori debut , williamson ha reach the end of hi rope . 
what use to be intellig about hi film is hopelessli stale here . 
the compon are all there , includ an encourag premis that all high school student can relat to . 
but where are the thrill ? 
the laugh ? 
both are supposedli absent from thi draggi exercis in elabor reveng . 
and what a shame that is . 
i love the scream film - heck , i even enjoy the sci-fi goofi of the faculti . 
kevin williamson wa the reason horror film were such a big draw at the box offic . 
teach mr . tingl , a black comedi that will leav a gape void in hi optimist follow , may put an end to hi reign . 
or perhap it will encourag him to spend more time perfect a script than to worri about hi direct duti . 
i still have my faith , but i fear the name of kevin williamson may soon be a forgotten echo of the past . 
the titl charact of hi pet project is a viciou , uncar histori teacher who is play delici over-the-top by british actress helen mirren . 
mr . tingl is basic everi student 's worst nightmar : a heartless human be bent on distribut poor mark to even the most hard-work of her pupil . 
the princip ( michael mckean ) is horrifi of her , and she is unanim despis among her fellow staff member . 
i enjoy the fact that everyon in the hallway quickli steer out of her way . 
mirren 's perform is one of the veri few delight in thi distressingli hollow black comedi that goe down like a flat soft drink . 
in other word , it 's a poor substitut for williamson 's best work . 
the plot is a big problem here . 
materi that could have been enjoy is render total ridicul by poor handl on the part of the director . 
the likabl kati holm play leigh ann , an over-achiev hope to get a colleg scholarship . 
but typic mr . tingl say her histori project , which she work on for countless hour , is laughabl . 
later on while studi in the gymnasium , a classmat ( barri watson ) offer her a photo-copi duplic of mr . tingl 's final exam . 
leigh ann 's best friend ( marisa coughlan ) encourag her to use it . 
ala , the old hag herself find the three scheme , and snatch the test , and prepar to talk to the princip in the morn . 
in the morn . . . 
how conveni ! 
the three student head to mr . tingl 's hous , attempt to set the fact straight and clear leigh ann 's name . 
thing get out of hand , and the teacher get knock unconsci in a tussl . 
the plan is to tie her to a bed and tri to get some reason out of her . 
of cours , not everyth goe entir to plan . 
besid pointless sub-plot involv the footbal coach ( jeffrey tambor , horribl wast ) , there is littl by way of actual progress . 
there is no urgenc to the situat ; littl tension or laugh are involv . 
the humor is complet inconsist . 
after mani of the joke , the theater wa so silent i could have heard a fli sneez . 
you continu to await some momentum in the stori , someth that could possibl reviv the slow pace . 
a moment like that never aris . 
williamson also doe a handsom job of wast some of the key support player , includ the talent mckean and larri sander ' vet tambor . 
and the beauti vivica a . fox ha one lifeless scene as a care guidanc counselor , and then williamson dispos of her charact entir . 
on the plu side , holm and coughlan are admir ( with the latter give a frighteningli believ exorc impress ) , and molli ringwald ha an amus cameo appear as a substitut teacher . 
while everyth is pretti lifeless , teach mr . tingl remain watchabl . 
there are a few promis idea that pop up now and again , but anyth remot interest is squander by the inan script . 
mirren is easili the best reason to keep watch . 
she is convincingli evil and fun to watch , but even her gift deliveri ca n't save individu scene that flounder in boredom . 
if there is one word for the movi surround her , it would be ` disappoint ' . 
basic , kevin williamson is hi worst enemi here . 
hi unev direct prevent ani aspect of hi screenplay to be appreci ( not that hi write here is especi good ) . 
we will see , when rooki screenwrit ehren kruger write the third instal in the scream franchis thi christma , whether williamson is for real . 
