the great actor jame wood onc said ( and i 'm paraphras ) , `` if sex is n't messi , then you 're not do it right `` . 
a truli profound statement , and one that could be made for the entir mad slasher genr ( just replac `` sex `` with `` your mad slasher film `` ) . 
for those uninform soul , the mad slasher genr ( or sub-genr ) is a meld of horror and exploit element put to the servic of a plot that follow an ident outlin : a usual mask but alway craze killer stalk and kill attract teen a la halloween . 
urban legend is a mad slasher flick , but one that is so sanitari , bloodless , and nuditi free , that with it ironi laden dialogu and beauti ( though not overli talent ) cast , it more close resembl an overlong wb televis special . 
for film maker , gore is one of the two weapon they have at their dispos in a stale , fright-fre horror movi , as stephen king onc said ( again paraphras ) `` if you ca n't scare your audienc , gross em ' out , if you ca n't do that , make em ' laugh `` . 
ala , urban legend succe onli at the latter , though not by intent . 
i actual find the fact that thi film becam a minor success ( $ 40 million domest box offic gross ) more frighten than anyth in it . 
it seem that audienc ' tast have been whittl down to such a degre that ani movi even claim to be scari is given the benefit of the doubt . 
the promot for urban legend sure promis thrill , but how can anyon with a three digit iq argu that it provid them . 
unfortun , these kind of flick will continu to be produc becaus peopl no longer have expect ; one idiot super-hyp blockbust flick after anoth ha desensit audienc to the point where film do n't need to do anyth more than promis a good time without the ad pressur of deliv . 
if anyon disagre i would love for them to explain the box offic success of shit like batman and robin , wild wild west , and godzilla . 
but forget all that , it goe without say that mad slasher film ( or ani other exploit off-shoot ) will be made without an ounc of craft ( especi consid the sheer volum that are produc ) . 
allow me to present you with the real fault of the mad slasher film : the lack of enthusiast exploit . 
these flick are n't har with ani lofti aspir , so whi not break free and give your audienc a bloodi good time ? 
sadli out of the liter hundr made , i would estim that mayb three are at all worth while . 
and urban legend would certainli not be includ amongst those three . 
despit it consider product valu and the absenc of ani boom mic slip into frame , it is just as aw as ani no budget entri in the slasher sweepstak . 
as far as the possibl of some good natur exploit urban legend 's set alon offer a myriad of promis possibl : it take place on a colleg campu , which is alway an appropri playground for the craze killer . 
you see , the campu is a commun made up almost entir of young peopl all in the midst of strang hormon surg percol beneath the surfac . 
all those young peopl are grow up togeth , go through all kind of inexplic emot high and low , so natur some weird is expect . 
all the better for that elus craze killer . 
coupl with the copiou amount of scantili clad co run around , and the introduct of a littl exploit into the proceed should be a rel easi task . 
but ala , urban legend is not onli idiot and clich ? ? full ; it 's way too clean , a slasher flick for the whole famili with no nuditi , littl gore , and much stupid . 
thi is the kind of movi where the killer drag dead victim from the scene of the crime for no reason other than , i dunno , exercis . 
it 's the kind of movi where the villain calmli purs a running-like-the-wind-prey , yet still manag to catch that prey through some realli aw edit techniqu . 
it 's the kind of movi where charact run into each other just as a loud clash reverber on the soundtrack . 
i realli wish filmmak would just retir that whole loud-noise-jump-scar thing . 
ye the audienc jump , momentarili frighten , but would n't anyon if a loud sonic boom suddenli infiltr a quiet room . 
i lost all hope for the possibl of ani genuin scare in urban legend about ten minut in when i caught a glimps of the killer . 
appar filmmak are run out of creativ way to disguis their mad slasher . 
in scream it wa a ghost mask ( scari enough ) , in i know what you did last summer it wa a fisher man 's rain slicker ( in the middl of summer no less ) , and in urban legend the disguis sink to the level of mel brook parodi : the villain wear an overs parka with a furi hood ( ooh ? ? ? scari ) intend to conceal his/her ident . 
for urban legend 2 i humbl suggest a donald duck costum . 
though i must admit , urban legend doe have a win premis for what could have been a somewhat entertain exploit film . 
the film 's killer slice and dice come colleg student to the tune of famou urban legend ( you know , like the babysitt get threaten phone call onli to find that they 're come from insid the hous ) . 
i wo n't spoil the surpris as to what urban legend are use , after all the film doe offer fine 2 : 00 am cabl view if you happen to be intox enough . 
sad to say , it doe n't includ my favorit urban legend : a fairli graphic antidot concern richard gere and a veri unhappi gerbil . 
now that would be scari . 
befor i leav you , i would like to bring to your attent the third most irrit thing about the film ( the first be the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploit ) -- it charact , all of whom are just about the most annoy group of peopl i 've ever spent an even with . 
onli jare leto ( look like a carbon copi of rob low from back in the day ) and alicia witt , as the resili heroin , avoid vexati . 
the most annoy of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom star michael rosenbaum , as a suprem irrit lout ( so irrit i actual cheer hi pain death , and i am not a cruel person ) . 
iron those aggrav sack of human wast provid the onli entertain in the film ; if view as a vicari fantasi urban legend can be mildli entertain . 
after all thi is a movi that featur the kind of faux hipster i ca n't stand get slaughter , which is at least better than watch an entir film about peopl i ca n't stand not get slaughter . 
