i 'm not sure if silvio horta wrote urban legend befor or after the success of scream , but i 'm guess after just becaus it seem he may not have had time to write a second draft . 
serious , thi idea -- a psycho bump off peopl in the style of urban legend -- is a great one and i wish it could have been pull off . 
the first sign of troubl come with the pain insipid dialogu . 
an exampl : `` that [ car crash ] must 've been aw . . . for 
everyon involv . `` 
you can tell that the writer intend that someth a littl more airi wa suppos to have been said , just no one figur out what . 
i know in slasher movi there is n't suppos to be a lot of great character and i myself do n't mind cardboard cutout , but pleas do n't let the cutout be so damn bland . 
one reason movi like scream , star war and diva have becom so treasur is becaus they featur charismat actor play interest charact . 
asid from jare leto and joshua jackson ( who are n't on the screen long enough ) no one in urban legend make the grade . 
alicia witt show none of the acerb or wit she display on cybil , rebecca gayheart actual look unattract ( not to mention as dumb as a post through 3/4 of the film ) and robert englund just cruis on auto pilot . 
good thing brad dourif is here , but wait . . . he 's onli in the movi for five minut _and_ he 's just redo hi good-natur stutter charact from one flew over the cuckoo 's nest . 
which bring me to anoth aspect of urban legend : it 's unorigin . 
the film most blatantli rip off is scream ( anoth reason that make me think silvio horta wrote thi after craven 's and williamson 's great success ) . 
urban legend tri to deconstruct modern-day folklor much the same way scream deconstruct slasher film , but it doe n't quit succeed . 
it 's best stab at self-reflex is poke fun at `` that girl in the noxzeema ad `` ( ie , rebecca gayheart ) we also have anoth killer-taunting-his-victim-on-the-phon routin in urban legend and quick , what movi is thi exchang of dialogu from : 
femal protagonist : whi ? 
villain : whi ? 
whi ? ! ? 
congratul to those of you who answer scream and/or urban legend . 
like i said , thi movi could 've been great . 
if onli silvio had work or been allow to work a littl longer on the script . 
still , at least urban legend had some pretti cool death scene and a somewhat realiz whodunit angl which make thi slasher is waaaayyyyyi better than i know what you did last summer . 
