` the bachelor ' is one of the best terribl movi you will ever see . 
wade through thi gooey , detest sludg is quit the chore for even a dedic romant . 
those hope to find some genuin charm and feel behind thi chri o'donnel vehicl should wander elsewher ; ` the bachelor ' is a pain clumsi mess strung togeth with a few brief moment of surpris poignanc . 
await these moment by endur the rest of the film is certainli not worth your time or money . 
although he ha not quit evolv out of the stereotyp pretty-boy cocoon , chri o'donnel ha an effortless charm as an actor . 
most will recogn him as the high-fli robin from the two latest ` batman ' film , but other abil are evid behind hi boyish smile . 
can o'donnel carri the weight of a film on hi shoulder ? 
perhap , if he found the proper vehicl . . . 
but ` the bachelor ' fall far short of the requir . 
the actor just ca n't regist with such a pathet screenplay as the guid light to success . 
a few instanc of ador humor asid , it becom appar that no one could save the fester mess that is ` the bachelor ' . 
o'donnel play jimmi , a hopeless romant in hi late twenti who 's progress in a seriou relationship with ann ( rene zellweg ) . 
jimmi take ann out for dinner to the restaur specif use for propos , and attempt to ask for her hand in marriag . 
the problem is that hi propos suck . 
big time . 
you can tell thing are n't go pleasantli , becaus jimmi get the infam ? deer-in-the-headlight ' look when ann question hi approach . 
and then , the plot ( along with the stupid of the movi ) thicken . 
jimmi 's grandfath ( peter ustinov ) die suddenli , leav a video will behind for hi grandson ( who also happen to be hi onli live rel ) . 
everybodi is speechless when grandpa declar that he is pass down an inherit in the amount of 100 million dollar to jimmi . 
of cours , there 's a catch : he must get marri befor hi 30th birthday , stay join with hi bride for an entir decad , and produc healthi children within the first five year . 
the bad news is that jimmi 's birthday is the follow day . 
with ann out of town , he must find a will bride to share hi rich with . . . 
and within a veri limit time frame . 
there are certainli a few worthwhil aspect of ` the bachelor ' . 
for one , the movi 's approach is interest and not drip with clich ? . 
anoth is the color cast . 
o'donnel and zellweg are cute togeth , and the support cast tri relentlessli to rescu the film from drown in it 's own mediocr . 
ustinov is enjoy as the cranki grandfath figur , and jame cromwel is sincer and effect as a wise priest drag through jimmi 's marit adventur . 
and now the con : the approach may be interest , but in tri an old-fashion method , director gari sinyor give the film a synthet feel . 
the charact are drawn with obviou , broad stroke , and the plot is bog down with everyth humanli imagin . 
ye , ` the bachelor ' is far more frustrat than cute . 
the screenplay is lame written , and the subject matter poorli conceiv . 
the consider charm of the two lead is thoughtlessli wast , along with whatev promis the film initi contain . 
potenti goe out the window earli to suit sinyor 's ` color ' approach , but not a minut of thi hapless drivel seem accustom to the director 's wish . 
` the bachelor ' becom lost without a home beacon to save it . 
you 've seen the tv spot , have n't you ? 
o'donnel is madli rush down a desert street and the caption read ` what is thi man run from ? ' 
in actual , he 's flee from thousand of angri bride who want to marri him and inherit hi fortun ( it 's one of the few enjoy sequenc in the film ) . 
after see the movi , i believ that the approach hord could be someth els . 
o'donnel could be run from hi angri fan , who have just endur ` the bachelor ' , and are hunt him down for reveng . 
