thi movi is base off the wildli popular video-gam seri of the same name . 
befor thi film , the game had a few spin-off cartoons- which were ok . 
but the idea of do a movi is insan . 
it should have been anim , if it should have been done at all . 
instead the peopl do the best they can with a talent cast . 
yet it still fail . 
the plot is complet differ from the game 's plot- i 'm not complain about that . 
the stori involv the mario bro . have a plumb busi in brooklyn and have to compet with a rival compani . 
eventu they find a construct site by their nemesi , which happen to be enviroment un-saf . 
so , due to luigi 's ( john leguizamo ) girlfriend - princess daisi - they go and investig . 
they get transport to a blade runner-esqu world lead by king koopa ( denni hopper ) . 
somehow a plot deal with all the dinosaur be mutat and transport to an altern futurist mega-c jumbl in . 
the plot is fine- better than the movi deserv . 
the act is ok . 
thi seem to be more of a visual film . 
the special effect are good , especi on the robot yoshi . 
howev the film drag and is no fun . 
and it leav itself open to a sequel , which probabl wo n't ever be made . 
thi movi begin sort of promis , but end up leav a weird tast in your mouth . 
so if you want to watch a sort of odd movi star the excel denni hopper , then watch super mario bro . : 
the movi . 
you could do wors . 
but you could definit do better . . . 
. 
street fighter : the movi ( 1995 ) star : raul julia and jean claud van-damm 
thi movi wa base off of a seri of never end sequel to a game call street fighter 2 . it ha all the charact from the game in a reason plot . 
it is more like a `` movi `` than it should be . 
ye , it 's watchabl . 
raul julia doe a good job , consid thi wa hi final film . 
while the game had non-stop fight sequenc , thi movi is a hodge-podg of action scene and flashi set and costum while tri to show off a plot at the same time . 
doe it work ? 
sort of . . . 
the plot involv the evil shadowloo organ run by m . bison ( raul julia ) . 
guil ( jean claud van-damm ) take hi troop to attack bison 's main base in an attempt to liber the innoc villag he ha taken over . 
in a short amount of time , the movi introduc sever charact well . 
it catch your attent . 
but it ultim seem like a showcas for fan of the game so you can point out thing like `` there 's chun li ! ! `` 
or `` look at that fire-bal ryu did at vega `` . 
it hit the base by present the charact in a plot with good set , but goe no further . 
thi movi need more action in the first place . 
the action scene that are here are short and not veri excit . 
if you like light-heart action flick , or if you like the game , watch thi one . 
it is even worth watch if you want to see raul julia 's last perform , or if you ca n't get enough of van damm . 
other than that , you could find better action flick . 
. 
