wizard is an anim featur that begin with a narrat of epic proport . 
over black and white draw , we are told that the earth is destroy in an apocalypt nuclear exchang , send the remnant of human through gener of radiation-induc mutat . 
the `` origin `` inhabit of the earth , fairi and elv , return to popul the globe , along with their evil , mutant counterpart . 
one day ( and i say `` one day `` not to be trite , but becaus that 's exactli how it happen - no advanc notic ) , a fairi queen give birth to twin , one good and one evil . 
the twin grow up to be power wizard , the good one embrac magic , and the bad one util technolog to attempt to expand hi evil empir . 
we are given the notion that an ultim battl must occur between the forc of magic and those of technolog . 
as unorigin as the premis is , i wa still somewhat interest in how thi stori would play itself out . 
there 's a lot you can do in an anim fantasi world , after all . 
i soon learn , howev , that the fantasi wa the expect of a decent film . 
onc the transit wa made from still art to color anim , an entir differ feel take preced . 
rather than the epic saga promis by the narrat , we get a goofy-look world of a saturday morn cartoon . 
not just the look , mind you , but all the zani sound like > honk bo 
for year , blackwolf ha lost hi battl against the magic forc of good , sinc hi armi of ogr and other mutant would get dispirit or distract soon after battl is join . 
howev , blackwolf now ha a secret weapon : nazi . 
yup , adolf hitler , the luftwaff and the wehrmacht . 
okay , not the real thing , but an archiv film hi minion dug up . 
project into the sky for all to see , it inspir hi own armi while shock the enemi into submiss long enough for the ogr to hack them up . 
befor you know it , there are dead elv everywher . 
thi is just as well . 
the charact are so bad that the viewer doe n't care about ani of them . 
they 're either silli , sappi , or both . 
the dialog get much of the credit for thi . 
an exampl is when avatar nonchalantli say , `` well , look like my brother and i begin our final battl . `` 
not veri formid when he 's also the guy who say , `` thi is the biggest bummer of a trip i 've ever been on . `` 
my favorit line wa from a sidelin fairi who is ask by her child whi good ca n't fight back against the nazi-charg evil . 
her respons is , `` they have weapon and technolog . 
we just have love . `` 
suffic to say , the charact are strictli two-dimension , and we therefor do n't expect anyth more than the obviou to happen . 
which it doe . 
the onli unexpect occurr is the way the final battl between brother is play out , which is anticlimact and disappoint . 
pleas note that it is the action that is unexpect . 
that it is disappoint is not . 
the film could n't settl on a particular mood . 
it seem to move from dark to light with the cut from scene to scene and even angl to angl . 
scene which are seemingli meant to contain deep mean are ruin by act of leviti . 
the dramat , which seem to occur at random , are overli stage and overli act , detract from ani kind of valu or even enjoy which could otherwis be glean . 
ralph bakshi , the director , make an obviou attempt to get a messag across in thi film : hitler and the nazi were bad . 
so who doe n't know thi alreadi ? 
well , mayb children . 
okay , so you might say that thi is a movi for children . 
it 's not . 
in the scene where good fight evil , there 's a lot of violenc and gore that children should not be see if they 're watch a cartoon . 
so is the film for adult ? 
if so , we probabl do n't need to be bash over the head to get the point . 
whi not have the bad guy be symbol of the nazi instead of use old propaganda in a serious disjoint attempt to show us someth we alreadi know ? 
wizard give us a lot of footag of nazi tank and airplan , and hitler give speech . 
howev , we do n't see ani reason whi they should be consid bad . 
we see no atroc be commit , not even ani real battl footag . 
there is absolut no connect made between the armi of evil and the third reich , and we 're not even given a cursori explan as to whi thi stuff is inspir in the first place . 
thi need to be thought out much more thoroughli if a point were to be made , sinc subject matter such as thi deserv better treatment . 
i 'd like to assum that bakshi wa tri to say that the same nationalist movement that drove the nazi could happen anywher , at ani time , and we must therefor be vigil . 
howev , i 'm not sure if i want to give him that much credit . 
