inspir by the 1958 film hous on haunt hill star vincent price . 
direct by william malon . 
star geoffrey rush , famk janssen , and chri kattan . 
rate r ( contain violenc , profan , and brief nuditi ) . 
synopsi : eccentr millionair price offer $ 1 , 000 , 000 to each of hi guest who appear at a gather at a former sanitarium . 
the onli catch is that they have to surviv the night at the establish , an establish haunt by it former staff and patient . 
comment : hous on haunt hill is base upon the origin 1958 film of the same titl direct by william castl and star vincent price . 
in an obviou homag , the millionair 's name is price and he sport a thin mustach like price use to have . 
thi is a pretti bad horror film , yet bad horror film sometim are veri entertain , and hous on haunt hill is just such a film . 
it is , surprisingli , better than anoth recent haunt hous remak , the haunt , a film which owe it basi to the classic horror novel by shirley jackson . 
the haunt had literari pretens and fell flat on it face . 
hous on haunt hill owe it lineag to a b-movi 40 year old and make no illus that it 's a crappi horror movi . 
thu , somehow , it prove slightli more success . 
i ca n't think of anoth recent film which ha had such an eclect cast . 
it is thi cast which lift thi ho-hum thriller into a borderlin entertain exercis in camp horror . 
price , the main charact , is play by geoffrey rush , the academy-award win actor of shine . 
rush seem to be make a downward spiral in the movi industri , a spiral reminisc of ben ( ghandi , schindler 's list ) kingsley 's ridicul appear in the camp sci-fi classic speci . 
i do n't know whi , but sometim it 's entertain to see `` qualiti `` actor in bad movi . 
more surpris ? 
rise star tay digg play a stereotyp african american sport figur ( rather lame too ) , and singer lisa loeb ( ! ) 
appear as a tv news report . 
the highlight of the cast , howev , ha to be saturday night live member chri kattan . 
kattan 's comic sens provid sever good humor moment as he play the hyster proprietor of the former sanitarium . 
while the first half of the film leav the audienc guess as to what 's exactli go on , the second half dissolv into standard ghost stori stuff and lose some of it suspens . 
a disappointingli cheesi end realli mar thi movi too . 
hous on haunt hill , i suspect , ha just about left the second-run theater . 
it 's worth catch on cabl next year , if you get a chanc . 
if you have a choic , pick thi movi over the haunt , it 's the better of two evil , you could say . 
though , more appropri perhap , it 'd be better to say that it 's the better of two turkey . 
