i 'm not sure i should be write a review of the witch of eastwick , becaus i 'm not sure just what the hell ( pardon the express ) wa go on in it . 
howev , i can express the most import observ i made of it , i . e . 
i did n't like it . 
if i had to summar thi film , i think i 'd conclud it wa an updat of one of those old new england folk tale of someon sell their soul to old scratch and how they tri to get out of the deal . 
that 's the kernel of it , anyway . 
toss into thi are littl bit and piec that occasion seem to be say someth about men and women , femin , the role of the devil , modern reform , and friendship . 
unfortun , littl or no effort is ever made to follow up and elucid on these concept ; they 're simpli thrown out and then left to rot while the film goe on apac . 
actual , i think that most of the audienc wa even more confus than i wa . 
they came in expect some kind of supernatur comedi , on the level of ghostbust , and were a bit confus to be get a folk tale with philosoph overton . 
they laugh , or tri to laugh , at moment that were either bare funni , or much more horribl than funni , as if that could bend the film away from it 's rather frighten direct . 
three women ( cher , susan sarandon , and michel pfieffer ) live in eastwick , a small midwestern town . 
one night , while drink late into the even , they begin wish for the ideal man to drop into their live . 
in seem answer to their idl daydream , a wealthi eccentr move into a mansion on the hill and seduc each one by attempt to be everyth they want him to be . 
he soon show evid of mystic -- perhap demon -- power , and hi devot to the women 's merest fantasi or wish ha danger overton . 
even wors , when ignor hi mood becom ugli , and he mistreat the women for spurn him . 
anyway , the problem : all three femal charact are fairli uninterest , and sever are cardboard stereotyp , especi sarandon 's charact . 
we never get insid them , never feel sympathet to them , becaus their dialogu and person seem pretti bland . 
as for nicholson , well , even the devil need a direct to go in , and while darryl van horn is the most interest charact in the movi ( due to the grace of the screenwrit and , more importantli , nicholson 's act ) , he still ca n't be yank in one direct and then anoth without make him a littl vagu . 
and then there 's the special effect . 
not in themselv -- they were n't that good -- but their overus . 
i wa almost posit , until i saw the credit , that the witch of eastwick wa either produc by alexand salkind ( who ha turn out the slop name superman ii and iii and supergirl ) , becaus of the big name actor in dopi stunt , or stephen spielberg , after the 18th vomit scene and the nicholson-blown-down-the-street stunt . 
nope , it 's anoth bunch of guy , and direct by georg miller , who ha shown great skill with stunts/speci effect befor ( the road warrior , `` nightmar at 20 , 00 feet `` episod of twilight zone : the movi ) but appar doe n't know when to turn off the wind machin and let hi peopl act . 
f'gawd sake , guy , thi is jack nicholson ! 
let him loos ! 
let him grin demon ! 
skip the split earth and fake lightn ! 
watch the scene where nicholson is toss out of the car by the voodoo doll , all i could think of wa , `` what a wast `` . 
if you 're go to use slapstick like that , use it up on pee wee herman . 
nicholson doe what he can with the role , and when he can find hi bear , can be extrem good ( the scene in the church , for instanc ) , but most of the time , he seem a bit stiff , as if he 's not sure what he should be do next . 
and no wonder . 
thi script goe all over the map , give you the feel that it 'd just love to be allegori , but it 's not sure about what -- mayb if you give it time it 'll think of someth . 
so what is the witch of eastwick ? 
a horror movi ? 
a folk tale ? 
a comedi ? 
a statement about women ? 
an examin of the religi right or comparit moral ? 
i tend to think of the imag that seem to domin the movi for me . . . watch 
someon regurgit half-digest bit of food and cherri pit all over room , peopl , the screen , and ultim , the audienc . 
in other word , a mess . 
( $ 2 . 00 ) 
if you like nicholson enough to watch him here ; mayb 25 % of hi charm is abl to make it through the logjam of other . 
