the most interest thing about viru is that the titl of the film doe not refer to the clunki robot anim that tri to kill our hero . 
ala , it refer to our hero ! 
as it turn out , the alien race that send a comput viru to earth ( via the mir space station ) think of the human race as a viru -- perhap even a cancer -- that need to be erad befor it spread ani further . 
after all , we have taken up thi entir planet , and if they let us live for anoth billion year or so , we might advanc beyond our solar system and into the next one . 
but the human race doe n't have much to worri about . 
after all , there 's a woman name foster ( jami lee curti ) out there stop the comput viru . 
she 's the chief navig on a sea vessel ; travel with her is captain everton ( donald sutherland ) , steve baker ( william baldwin ) , wood ( marshal bell ) , squeaki ( julio oscar mechoso ) , and richi ( sherman augustu ) . 
they 're all sail in a typhoon one love even when they stumbl across an enorm , abandon russian satellit ship in intern water . 
lucki for us , we alreadi saw that the comput viru ha taken over the ship and elimin everyon on board . 
the evil captain everton think he 's go to take the ship in and get a reward ; he convinc hi crew that there 's go to be big money , so they tri to salvag the ship . 
soon , howev , when it 's appar that no one is on board and that the ship ha no power , they realiz that someth bad must have happen . 
final , they meet nadia ( joanna pacula ) who explain their situat : a comput viru ha taken over the ship ! 
it 's creat bio-mechan life-form to elimin the human race ! 
viru is a truli dumb action thriller , one of neglig intellig and innov . 
when consid the entir film , you will realiz that it lack a singl origin scene . 
it 's a direct rip-off of nearli everi jame cameron film ( alien , the abyss , and the termin film are the most plagiar ) ; more importantli , it 's basic the same movi as last year 's deep rise . 
i like deep rise simpli becaus it 's funni -- it know it 's silli and deriv . 
viru take itself serious . 
and , in the most seriou manner possibl , it steal from everi good and bad film of the genr , show you countless familiar scene , and sport a cookie-cutt plot that ani film of the sci-fi/horror genr could fit with a littl trim . 
but what is so amaz about viru is how poorli the whole thing ha been thought out . 
okay , let me get thi straight -- the alien race ( which is never realli explain ) is basic sentient electr . 
they need to make themselv physic , so they use a space station to get onto a ship ( which is surround by water , but who care about that ) . 
on the ship , they make a bunch of clunki , immobil robot that somehow kill three hundr peopl . 
after that , they start use the dead peopl to creat half-human , half-machin creatur that look like the termin but are much wors at walk around . 
the leader , of cours , is a big creatur . 
everi film like thi ha a big creatur at the end , but the big creatur in viru is so big that it ha to tear down the wall to move around . 
viru is inde a clich film , but the central flaw lie in the fact that the comput viru just is n't veri threaten . 
it 's establish that they can simpli turn off the power to stop it , but the viru ha seal the power room by the time our hero get there . 
on one level , viru is almost passabl fun . 
it 's realli gori , and a few of the scene have interest camp appeal ( the director , john bruno , work on a lot of cameron 's film ) . 
there 's also a nice array of actor , even though none of them do ani act ( except for donald sutherland , who doe a lot of veri bad act ) . 
the bottom line , howev , is thi : viru is a bad movi . 
it rip off a lot of good movi that are worth see . 
in that order , i recommend that you rent ani one of the alien film , simpli to admir the qualiti of a creatur that actual threaten our hero . 
