an american werewolf in pari is a fail attempt to recaptur the humor and horror of john landi ' 1981 featur , an american werewolf in london . 
where the origin had comedi , the sequel ha the kind of revolt silli that can be found in tv sit-com . 
where the first instal had chill , thi one ha sequenc that are inappropri , unintent funni . 
in short , while an american werewolf in london ha becom someth of a minor classic in it genr , the woeful an american werewolf in pari seem destin for late night on cinemax ( it even ha the necessari gratuit nuditi ) . 
the film open with a trio of daredevil american -- andi ( tom everett scott ) , brad ( vinc vieluf ) , and chri ( phil buckman ) -- sneak up to the top of the eiffel tower to drink wine and do a littl bunge jump . 
soon they have compani in the person of serafin ( juli delpi ) , who ha decid to end it all . 
she jump , but andi , with a bunge cord attach , goe after her , and manag to save her ( at the price of a major headach ) . 
serafin disappear , but a smitten andi seek her out . 
howev , onc he learn hi would-b girlfriend 's dark secret , he wish he had n't . 
she 's a werewolf , curs to chang into a hideou beast when the moon is full , and , to make matter wors , he ha suffer a nasti bite himself . 
actress juli delpi is far too good for thi movi . 
she imbu serafin with spirit , spunk , and human , which give us an emot stake in the charact 's fate . 
thi is n't necessarili a good thing , sinc it prevent us from relax and enjoy an american werewolf in pari as a complet mindless , campi entertain experi . 
delpi 's inject of class into an otherwis classless product rais the specter of what thi film could have been with a better script and a better cast surround her . 
delpi 's previou credit includ such memor ventur as krzysztof kieslowski 's white and richard linklat 's befor sunris . 
she wa radiant , charismat , and effect in both . 
given the natur and level of the materi she ha to work with here , she get as close as possibl to those adject . 
it could be argu that delpi is the onli reason to see an american werewolf in pari , but even her most devot fan should consid give thi one a miss . 
and if your primari object is catch a glimps of her in the buff , check out either kill zoe or the passion of beatric -- those movi have intellig plot in addit to breast . 
the rest of the cast act at a level consider below that of delpi -- which is to say , they give perform appropri for the screenplay . 
tom everett scott ( that thing you do ) play the lead like he 's in a made-for-tv movi . 
it would be kind to call him bland . 
actor vinc vieluf and phil buckman , as andi 's friend , are no more impress . 
juli bowen ( happi gilmor ) is suitabl fetch as werewolf meat . 
and respect french actor thierri lhermitt ha a brief turn as anoth monster meal . 
on the technic side , it 's all bad news . 
the computer-gener werewolv look pain unreal . 
the creatur would probabl have been more believ had they been men in wolf suit . 
repeat use is made of the `` werewolf cam `` , an infrar wolf 's point-of-view approach that 's interest the first coupl of time it 's employ , then becom tediou . 
and the soundtrack includ some altern grung rock tune that clash violent with the on-screen action they 're match to . 
director anthoni waller , who display a confid , edgi style in mute wit , stumbl with thi materi , never be abl to make the comedi and horror element gel . 
as a result , we get the worst werewolf sequel sinc the howl ii : your sister is a werewolf . 
( i will give waller credit for kill off a dog , though -- someth that 's rare seen in movi these day . ) an american werewolf in pari is margin entertain in a `` bad movi `` sort of way , but that 's a dubiou distinct . 
ultim , it 's an unfortun effort , for , while it is n't unbear to sit through , it is n't a howl , either . 
