capsul : dumb dud of an entri in the bodi heat sweepstak , and now someth of a landmark for have spawn a jillion clone . 
basic instinct 's worst crime is that it 's not just a bad movi , but in mani way , an incompet one as well . 
it 's stupid in itself , and stupid to think it audienc is as stupid as it is . 
it 's suppos to be a thriller , but the plot is dead on it feet , and ultim arbitrari ; it 's onli put into the movi to jerk us around . 
it 's also suppos to be sexi , but it 's instead got the unpleas raw of a teenag show younger kid hi collect of dirti pictur . 
it 's a ripoff . 
the stori open with a rock star be murder while in the throe of orgasm . 
the biggest suspect is an authoress , catherin tramel ( sharon stone ) , who wrote a novel in which the murder wa eerili presag . 
or mayb it 's the work of a copycat ? 
these and other plot thread get fed to the detect who 's on the case ( michael dougla ) , who ha a few problem himself . 
like we wonder if hi elev goe to the top floor . 
we can measur with a stopwatch the time from them set eye on each other to the moment they are do the mattress danc . 
joe eszterha ha written the screenplay , and he use a devic that he use befor in the much better jag edg : the killer 's ident is kept a secret until the movi 's final shot . 
thi is n't in itself a problem -- the problem is that up until that point , we 've been given noth to work with . 
everi clue in the movi -- everi clue -- is ambigu . 
the whole thriller aspect of the movi is a shill . 
red her , dead plot thread , violenc , and kinki sexual litter the movi like pothol in manhattan street . 
they add up to zip , becaus they 're not happen to peopl we care about . 
dougla 's charact is foulmouth and bitter and that 's it ; stone 's charact ha an iron-on smile that never chang ; the rest are forgett . 
when we do n't even have the luxuri of give a damn about anyon in the movi , who care what happen in it ? 
especi with an end that is not onli unsatisfi , but in mani way inexplic ? 
( a friend of mine onc came up with a rule of thumb about movi charact : `` if no one in the movi behav like anyon you know , or would * care * to know , just leav ! `` ) 
one of the nastier thing about the movi is the way it treat lesbian not as an integr part of someon 's life , but as a kind of kink -- someth to thrill men with . 
i despair whenev i encount thi kind of stupid in mainstream entertain ; are we still so cultur neanderth that the onli way to includ someth like that in a big-budget hollywood film is as a hefner ? 
