dear god , thi is a fantast bad film ! 
regardless of what i say about knock off , you ca n't grasp it aw from my word . 
you have to see it and experi it for yourself . 
here 's the kicker , though -- i suggest that you do so . 
ye , thi is a bad film -- easili one of the most incompet film of the year -- but it ha a certain misguid charm that make it a uniqu kind of disast to endur . 
in fact , i enjoy myself for most of it brief run time , despit the dread act and a complet incomprehens stori . 
do n't get me wrong : i 'm not excus knock off . 
it reach an unaccept level of bad ; it 's so incoher that i wonder if it wa hack up wors than the aveng wa . 
it also featur some truli terribl perform from lela rochon , michael wong , paul sorvino , and -- of cours -- jean-claud van damm . 
it doe , howev , have the entertain presenc of rob schneider , and the excess invent and pretenti direct of tsui hark . 
as i watch it , i occasion wonder if it wa awar of it own aw . 
now , in retrospect , it seem clear that it wa n't , but it 's still a fascin kind of mess . 
i do n't like write plot descript ( it is , by far , the most bore part of write a review ) , but , in thi case , i 'm off the hook : there is no way i could write an accur synopsi for knock off . 
for the sake of comparison , i had no troubl understand the usual suspect dure my first view . 
i paid closer attent to knock off , and the onli thing i am abl to say about it is that van damm play a dude name ray , and is accus by the cia ( i think ) of sell knock off product ( knock off product are , of cours , product that look like name-brand materi but are gener and cheap ) . 
i do n't know what ani of thi ha to do with martial art , but there are lot of martial art in the film . 
ray is good at martial art , so when he ha to beat up bad guy , there 's no problem . 
rob schneider play hi sidekick , although i had no idea who he realli wa by the end of the film . 
lela rochon is just some woman who accus them of stuff , while paul sorvino is both the good guy and the bad guy at onc ! 
in fact , everi charact goe through so mani shift from good to bad that the end provid absolut no insight into what ani of them realli do . 
in that order , knock off is complet incoher and make absolut no sens . 
but what a strang mess it is . 
it wa written by stephen e . de souza , who also wrote die hard and 48 hour . 
can thi be the same man ? 
i do n't see how , unless , of cours , huge chunk of the film have been remov for the sake of run time . 
knock off seem to have an interest premis ( as far as action film go ) , but there 's no semblanc here . 
for instanc , van damm is introduc , and then second later he 's run a chariot race through the street of hong kong . 
whi ? 
who know . 
what are the implic of thi ? 
i have no idea . 
most action film abandon depth in favor of action , and thi is normal a problem . 
knock off , howev , is the first film that i would have prefer to see with all of the talki sequenc cut . 
the act is embarrassingli bad : rochon , in particular , deliv each of her line with stiff and talentless insincer . 
sorvino , in addit , deserv better than thi . 
van damm is bad , but he 's charm in that bad way , and so i ca n't say that he 's hard to watch ( although i rare understood what he wa say ) . 
the onli except is rob schneider , who is actual quit funni a lot of the time . 
tsui util so mani trick that he make john woo look tame by comparison . 
they 're all pointless gimmick though , such as shot of the inner-work of a knock off run shoe . 
but hi action scene are never bore : one particular piec insid of a fruit factori ( a fruit factori ? ) is well-choreograph . 
lot of the scene are pitch well to comedi , such as our hero ' first encount with the rochon charact . 
but did tsui know that hi film is beyond ludicr ? 
i hope he did , for the altern is a frighten thought . 
knock off ha the feel of a truli terribl exercis in camp mania . 
if it were bore , i 'd give it zero star . 
but it 's not bore : it 's loud and excess and complet incoher . 
it 's also funni , even when it is n't mean to be funni . 
a bad film that succe as entertain doe n't deserv to be fulli lambast . 
i recogn knock off for it irrefut bad , but i ca n't deni it 's zani , useless charm . 
oh , i know , they 're just action scene look desper for a real stori , but they 're fun action scene amongst a crowd of laughabl inan concept . 
it 's fun to admir the aw of a film like thi , but that doe n't excus the fact that it is , inde , aw . 
