there are movi that pose a question in it first five minut and spend the rest of the time tri to answer it . 
then there are movi that spend the whole time pose question and tri to answer it all in the last five minut . 
writer-director john herzfeld 's two day in the valley fall into the latter categori . 
weav togeth a grabbag of seemingli unrel charact , herzfeld 's tri veri hard to keep the audienc guess with a altmanesqu seri of parallel stori . 
hitmen lee ( jame spader ) and hi partner dosmo ( danni aiello ) pop a guy in bed while leav hi drug wife becki fox ( teri hatcher ) lie next to him show the audienc where on her behind she got nice prick . 
an understand shock becki run out of the hous the next morn befor hail down a coupl of vice cop , ( jeff daniel ) and we ( eric stoltz ) . 
a murder is not vice territori , flirt with asian prostitu is , but we would rather play inquisit detect . 
meanwhil , washed-up director , teddi ( paul mazurski ) is about to end hi life . 
but befor he can do that , he must find a good home for hi dog . 
enter nurs audrey ( marsha mason ) , who take the dog and teddi for a ride . 
stuffi art dealer , allan hopper ( greg cruttwel ) ha kidney stone . 
while struggl about hi fanci hous , he switch between moan in self-piti and drop condescend hint about hi loyal secretari 's ( glenn headli ) plain appear . 
do n't be surpris if you find yourself ask more than onc just what the hell is go on . 
you might like that feel of clueless . 
herzfeld doe answer all the question in the cours of time and piec it all rather neatli in the last five minut . 
the jigsaw puzzl assembl is n't stun by ani mean though . 
the charact lack the statur or moral complex of altman 's real-lif hero in short cut , even though they are interest and funni . 
funni , that is if you are n't compar them to the like of tarantino 's pulp chcaract . 
the tie-up is tidi but nowher near the squeaki clean resolut of ( director 's name ? 
guy who also did last seduct ) red rock west . 
two day is n't a bad movi but there is n't much els to it than the screenplay novelti of the linkag of seemingli unrel charact . 
it 'll keep you guess alright but you wo n't rememb the answer five minut after the credit . 
the fli inkpot rate system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . 
* * a littl creaki , but still better than stay at home with gotcha ! 
* * * pretti good , bring a friend . 
* * * * amaz , potent stuff . 
* * * * * perfect . 
see it twice . 
