it should have been a classic . 
a great cast of respect support actor . 
an interest premis of loser comic book charact . 
howev , `` mysteri men `` prove to be one of the great disappoint of 1999 . 
the joke were bland and hackney from talent who have previous made audienc laugh with their uniqu ritual . 
the number of clich and shallow charact made the film difficult to sit through serious hurt it attempt of have a fast pace premis . 
the script tri to deliv a seri of small joke throughout the film but without a big laugh-out-loud joke and mediocr small joke , it fail miser at be entertain at all . 
the joke were not funni for a number of reason . 
they had been use a number of time befor in previou film , the best one , which were mediocr to begin with , were ruin in the trailer , and the expect of laugh at clever , uniqu gag from clever uniqu comedian when there were none to laugh at greatli damag the film . 
`` mysteri men `` might have work if it wa an ensembl cast of newcom tri to break into the busi . 
but with veteran do thi kind of junk , it realli question whether their other work wa as funni as origin thought . 
thank most actor in thi movi will appear in five other movi befor the new year arriv to help viewer forget thi littl movi . 
the film follow a band of wannab superhero live in a wannab gotham citi who are ridicul by their fellow citizen and villain becaus of their clumsi and failur to save they day and captur the bad guy . 
the fact is these pathet loser are not need becaus their citi alreadi ha a success superhero , captain amaz , who ha recent captur everi evil-do in the citi . 
captain amaz ( play terribl by an uninspir greg kinnear ) , becaus of hi success in the past , is worri that he will lose popular . 
after free one of the most notori bad guy in the citi ( geoffrey rush , overact just a bit too much ) to keep himself busi , thing get out of hand when captain amaz is captur . 
it is up to the wannab superhero to save the day . 
by the time thi section of the plot is finish , the interest for what happen ( if you have n't alreadi figur it out ) is veri low . 
there are veri few scene which catch the viewer complet attent . 
the first scene in the film , which show the wannab tri to save the day , feel like it wa serious edit down . 
right when it wa begin to becom slightli funni see these actor get humili at an old folk 's home by some mask goon , captain amaz come in and save the day ? or ruin the movi . 
instead of edit thi scene , more edit should have been done in area such as the unnecessari romanc between mr . furiou ( ben stiller ) and monica , a waitress ( clair forlani ) or the vast major of the film , which is the hero talk at a coffe tabl about how their day wa . 
a simpl rule : more silli action is need in order to make a silli action movi work . 
anoth major problem with `` mysteri men `` is that everi actor in it seem veri uncomfort and consequ gave terribl perform . 
the film depend on it cast to work fluentli togeth , like a bunch of old friend work togeth in an amiabl reunion . 
howev , most charact seem like they did not even want to be in thi film or at least the script made it seem thi way . 
to pull one of the actor in thi film randomli out of a hat , paul reuben , who disappear from act to everyon 's joy , return here leav veri littl to be impress about . 
as a wannab who use flatul for a weapon , all of hi joke must therefor be fart joke . 
fart joke that have all been heard befor and will inevit be heard again in futur film thank to the success of `` american pie `` and `` there 's someth about mari . `` 
`` mysteri men `` drag on toward the end to a point where anyth els in the world is more entertain . 
anyon with a brain know each one of the hero is go to be success at their talent in the end and each one is go to contribut in a help way . 
so whi continu to watch ? 
thi film is far from a worthi guilti pleasur . 
`` mysteri men `` inde doe thi and everi time a charact succe anoth one congratul him and say `` i knew you could do it ! `` 
`` mysteri men `` fail in everi categori it attempt to pass . 
what make thi film so bad is that it had the potenti to be wonder and unforgett . 
terribl act , terribl script , and a terribl wast of time chang opinion about all of these actor . 
`` i 'm unpredict ! `` 
an overexcit ben stiller shout out . 
no ben , you 're the complet opposit . 
