breakdown is an moder entertain , if underwhelm , thriller . 
kurt russel and kathleen quinlan play coupl jeff and ami taylor , take the scenic rout to california through redneck countri . 
howev , while in the middl of nowher , their jeep decid to break down , leav them strand . 
a friendli truck driver , warren ( walsh ) , offer to give them a lift to town . 
although jeff reject the offer ( he want to stay with hi car ) , ami agre , hop into warren 's lorri , and promptli disappear . 
jeff wonder where the hell she is , and when he later catch up with warren and warren say he ha never seen ami in hi life , the plot thicken and jeff goe on a chase to find hi wife . 
although comparison can be made with thi film to deliver ( 1972 ) and the vanish ( 1993 ) plot wise , the latter two are far superior charact and script wise . 
kurt russel is o . k as jeff , although he can seemingli onli pull of one express , which is angri . 
throughout the whole film , he look angri ( or just piss off . ) 
quinlan is o . k again , but again she can onli pull off one express , which is look dorki . 
throughout the whole film , she look dorki . 
j . t walsh ( who , sadli , recent pass away ) is fine as warren ( who we soon find out is a kidnapp ) although hi actual charact is pretti weak , and not realli menac enough . 
the support cast do their best aswel , with rex linn as a doubt sheriff , and the other kidnapp . 
the stori , written by first-tim jonathan mostow ( who also direct ) is o . k , if surprisingli familiar and sometim extraordinarili stupid . 
some of the thing the charact do in thi movi is beyond the bound of idioci . 
there are some flaw with the plot also , as the charact do the complet opposit to logic ( presum to keep the stori 'excit ' ) and also the fact that the stori just is n't strong enough to sustain the audienc 's attent . 
the pictur move along veri slowli also . 
it almost threaten to drop dead . 
the pictur doe pick up toward the end , but by then it 's too late . 
mostow direct the action sequenc well enough , howev . 
the film doe n't realli come to a satisfi conclus , either . 
the end tri to be bleak , but just come off annoy . 
breakdown could of been a far more enjoy pictur had it had a stronger cast and director . 
instead , it just turn out to be mere averag . 
a miss opportun . 
overal rating= review by david wilcock 
