i want to be involv in show busi one day . 
and i refus to do ani sequel to ani movi i may make becaus i believ they onli get wors . 
thi movi prove it for me . 
i wa a littl worri about the last batman film , as i thought joel schumacc , take over from tim burton , would screw it up . 
i also assum val kilmer would screw up as bruce wayn . 
they did n't . 
kilmer did a good job , and the cast wa left to carri the movi , which they did ( even jim carrey as the riddler and i ca n't stand jim carrey ) , becaus schumacc mess up the direct with hi glitzi gotham and hi awkward camera angl . 
thi film is differ . 
the cast is still impress , but here , not onli doe schumacc mess up with the direct ( he 's one of those director who 's good with actor , terribl with camera angl ) , but writer akiva goldsmith doe n't realli give an impress cast anyth to do . 
the cast is impress : clooney is a surprisingli good wayne/batman , o'donnel is a crafti robin as usual , they could 've cast somebodi better as batgirl ( my friend like neve campbel ) , but silverston is not bad , and thurman is a good poison ivi . 
the major problem is schwarzenegg , who is a terribl freez . 
hi accent is so heavi , you ca n't understand what he say , and the troubl with action star like him is they can not act , and they know it , but they figur that if they flex their muscl , say a limit amount of stuff , and kill a bunch of guy , then they figur nobodi 'll notic . 
that 's the troubl with me , * i * notic . 
schwarzenegg doe not deserv bill over clooney , or as much money as he got for thi , but hollywood think he doe . 
patrick stewart wa the person i 'd heard that wa consid to play freez , and he would 've been so much better . 
or sean conneri , but not arnold `` i 'm not an actor , but i play one in real life `` schwarzenegg . 
i realiz that you must be a star to play a major role in a batman film , but it would 've been nice if they 'd cast a star that had talent for the role . 
akiva goldsmith 's screenplay avoid some stuff that happen in a normal batman film . 
in a regular batman film , they 'd concentr on the relationship with the girlfriend a littl more , but ell macpherson 's juli madison is so limit here that we never get a real sens of who she is . 
there is talk of a fifth batman movi . 
my interest to see it is low , but i hope it 's better than thi . 
if you do n't want to wast your time , rent ani of the other batman movi from blockbust . 
ani other . 
