surround by hype , high hope , and the promis of an over-the-top perform by clueless 's brittani murphi , do n't say a word look full of promis . 
hell , when i hear that `` i 'll never tell `` whisper on the tv commerci , goos bump run up my spine . 
ala , word is fill with littl but disappoint , a kooki mix of girl , interrupt and ransom , with michael dougla and compani collect a paycheck to plod through a vapid and dull kidnap thriller . 
dougla star as nathan conrad , renown new york psychologist , devot father of jessi conrad ( skye mccole bartusiak ) , and love husband to aggi conrad ( famk janssen ) . 
after a gang of jewel thiev , head by sean bean 's koster , kidnap hi daughter , nathan is forc to extract from hi new patient , the cataton and violent elisabeth burrow ( murphi ) , the locat of some hidden bank job booti that her father hid from the koster gang a decad ago . 
but with hard-nos detect sandra cassidi ( jennif esposito , do her best j . lo impress ) track down koster and hi gang of hoodlum , the stake are rais as nathan race against the clock to crack the mysteri of elisabeth 's head in order to get the good insid . 
the catch - nathan onli ha until five o'clock to solv the puzzl ! 
whoa , the suspens is almost too much . 
do n't say a word lose the audienc insid of 15 minut . 
murphi look and act like linda blair from the exorcist dure the first part of the movi , then turn around and repris like her role from girl , interrupt . 
and the onli real `` crazi `` to be found in the film is director gari fleder 's ( thing to do in denver when you 're dead ) stagger use of flashback sequenc . 
oliv platt , famk janssen , and even sean bean are decent actor , but the stuff they are given here -- such as a bedridden wife fight off the token black guy with her crutch -- is insult and demean . 
addit , the use of the surveil camera and laptop to track nathan 's everi move is downright unbeliev . 
how do ex-con fresh out of the big hous afford all thi equip ? 
despit it flaw , do n't say a word is surprisingli some of the best mainstream film you 'll find thi month -- and audienc will lap it up . 
american love lukewarm , half-bak thriller star big name and accompani by cheap thrill . 
someon get me my lithium ! 
