capsul : thi super-light situat comedi from sweden tell the stori of two close friend with romant problem . 
the script involv formerli taboo subject like erot toy and sexual enhanc but otherwis the write is not a lot differ from what is shown free on televis . 
the charact are paper-thin and the interest idea pure non-exist . 
thi is a decrement-life-by-90-minut card . 
, 0 ( -4 to +4 ) 
jalla ! jalla ! 
is basic an exuber tv situat comedi written instead for the wide screen . 
it tell the stori of two park custodian and the problem they are find on the path to true love . 
the film is set in sweden where roro and man ( fare fare and torkel petersson ) are custodian at a public park . roro is from a tightli knit lebanes famili who control him veri close , man is a swede from a much more liber background . 
they spend most of the day in the bush at their park , clean up after dog . 
roro and man each have girlfriend , but each ha a problem . 
roro ( nicknam `` jalla `` ) is have famili problem . 
it seem that hi famili want to arrang a marriag between him and a nice lebanes woman , yasmin ( laleh pourkarim ) , but he is alreadi in love with lisa ( tuva novotni ) . 
yasmin like roro , but doe not want to get marri either . 
man on the other hand ha been have a problem of sexual impot . 
the two friend worri about their problem and discuss the problem with each other . 
man think the answer to hi problem is to purchas sexual enhanc . 
the one catch is that he is too shi to go in and buy them . 
roro and yasmin decid to give themselv some time by tell the famili that they want to marri each other , but then plan to break up befor the wed . 
not too surprisingli neither find that hi idea work out the way he quit expect . 
the plot turn in sever place are contriv . 
one know fairli quickli that if thing are go to work our happili for everybodi certain plot contriv have to happen . 
lebanese-born josef fare who wrote and direct is perhap a better director than he is a writer . 
when thing start to get slow , he just add throw in anoth stori . 
for exampl halfway into the film man innoc antagon some local tough and a long chase is ad to the film . 
character is a littl better with roro than it is with man who doe not seem to have a whole lot more person beyond fear for lose a biolog function . 
we do see some of roro 's famili life and hi concern . 
that may be becaus roro 's background is a lot like that of the director . 
while the stori wa entertain , i did not feel that i got anyth worthwhil from the film . 
it wa just a way to pass about an hour and a half in my life . 
one doe not have to go to the movi to see entertain like thi . 
i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
