arnold schwarzenegg ha been an icon for action enthusiast , sinc the late 80 's , but late hi film have been veri sloppi and the one-lin are get wors . 
it 's hard see arnold as mr . freez in batman and robin , especi when he say ton of ice joke , but hey he got 15 million , what 's it matter to him ? 
onc again arnold ha sign to do anoth expens blockbust , that ca n't compar with the like of the termin seri , true lie and even eras . 
in thi so call dark thriller , the devil ( gabriel byrn ) ha come upon earth , to impregn a woman ( robin tunney ) which happen everi 1000 year , and basic destroy the world , but appar god ha chosen one man , and that one man is jericho cane ( arnold himself ) . 
with the help of a trusti sidekick ( kevin pollack ) , they will stop at noth to let the devil take over the world ! 
part of thi are actual so absurd , that they would fit right in with dogma . 
ye , the film is that weak , but it 's better than the other blockbust right now ( sleepi hollow ) , but it make the world is not enough look like a 4 star film . 
anyway , thi definit doe n't seem like an arnold movi . 
it just wa n't the type of film you can see him do . 
sure he gave us a few chuckl with hi well known one-lin , but he seem confus as to where hi charact and the film wa go . 
it 's understand , especi when the end had to be chang accord to some sourc . 
asid form that , he still walk through it , much like he ha in the past few film . 
i 'm sorri to say thi arnold but mayb these are the end of your action day . 
speak of action , where wa it in thi film ? 
there wa hardli ani explos or fight . 
the devil made a few place explod , but arnold wa n't kick some devil butt . 
the end wa chang to make it more spiritu , which undoubtedli ruin the film . 
i wa at least hope for a cool end if noth els occur , but onc again i wa let down . 
i also do n't know whi the film took so long and cost so much . 
there wa realli no super affect at all , unless you consid an invis devil , who wa in it for 5 minut top , worth the overpr budget . 
the budget should have gone into a better script , where at least audienc could be somewhat entertain instead of face boredom . 
it 's piti to see how script like these get bought and made into a movi . 
do they even read these thing anymor ? 
it sure doe n't seem like it . 
thank gabriel 's perform gave some light to thi poor film . 
when he walk down the street search for robin tunney , you ca n't help but feel that he look like a devil . 
the guy is creepi look anyway ! 
when it 's all over , you 're just glad it 's the end of the movi . 
do n't bother to see thi , if you 're expect a solid action flick , becaus it 's neither solid nor doe it have action . 
it 's just anoth movi that we are sucker in to see , due to a strateg market campaign . 
save your money and see the world is not enough for an entertain experi . 
