the last of vampire-film offer plenti of blood and gore , but beyond that - noth . 
jack crow ( jame wood ) is a profession vampir slayer that is secretli work for the vatican . 
hi and hi men 's mission is to clean the earth from vampir . 
they have lost count of how mani vampir they have slaughter , but one ha alway escap them . 
valek ( thoma ian griffith ) - the dark messia and ruler of the undead that is older than time itself . 
for all etern the vampir have search for their salvat - the black cross . 
with the cross in their posses , the vampir will be abl to walk in the sunlight . 
after that it is either the human or the vampir who will domin the earth . . . 
i have never like john carpent and hi style . 
after see thi film , my opinion have not chang . 
john carpent remain john carpent . 
howev , becaus of the film 's self-ironi , black humour and fascin cinematographi , i would say that it is hi greatest achiev in a long , long time . 
neither the synops or carpent 's direct are origin . 
but there are some thing that are interest . 
the director 's neg view on the cathol church , for instanc . 
at the end of the film it becom clear that cardin alba ( maximilian schell ) ha simpli use crow and hi team to find valek , so that he would gain etern life . 
otherwis the cathol priest are shown cool - drink , smoke and break the rool of celibaci . 
carpent ha creat an interest atmospher . 
set in new mexican dessert , he switch between bright golden sunris and bloodi sundown , symbol illustr the good and the evil through light and dark . 
more than anyth in thi film , thi simpl illustr show the battl between good and evil . 
the cinematographi by gari b . kibb is probabl the film 's greatest achiev . 
music ( compos by john carpent himself ) is at time effect , the special effect and makeup are likewis worth a notic . 
when it come to the cast ( in an intellectu film like thi cast is the last problem ; everyon can scream and swing the axe ! ) , but here jame wood is suprisingli convinc . 
he is macho and cool as the dedic hunter , who lost hi famili to the `` breed of evil `` . 
wood is constantli overact , which realli save the film from fall into the trap of seriou self import . 
daniel baldwin is also entertain as crow 's loyal partner . 
the other cast member are struggl . 
becaus the film doe n't take itself too serious , it stay afloat . 
still it is like most vampire-film - a mediocr experi . 
