i still ca n't figur out whi peopl went in drove to see thi movi . 
now befor you go assum i 'm some sort of high brow snob , who ca n't appreci a littl dumb humor , let me say that i love cheap humor . 
i thought there 's someth about mari wa one of the funniest film that i have ever seen and it wa certainli one of the best film of 1998 . 
low brow adolesc humor can be a lot of fun , the problem with the waterboy is that it is just low brow and adolesc , there is no humor compon . 
i want to like the waterboy , i realli did . 
i think i onli laugh mayb 2 or 3 time throughout the entir movi . 
actual , i smile a coupl of more time on top of that . 
not a great record for a 90-minut film . 
the problem with the waterboy is the same as most other adam sandler movi . 
those respons for thi mess seem to think that the sheer fact that sandler walk around use a goofi voic and play dumb the entir movi is a substitut for actual funni materi . 
noth could be further from the truth , as matter of fact , sandler 's idiot voic start to get on my nerv at point in thi film . 
it 's realli a shame too , becaus thi film had the potenti to be veri funni . 
i person believ that sandler is probabl a veri talent comedian , it 's just that so far he ha n't been abl to find the right film to showcas hi talent . 
if hi onli talent is make goofi voic and play moron , my guess is that hi career in the movi will go down the same road as the vast major of the former star of saturday night live . 
most of whom are now happili no longer in the entertain industri . 
sandler play a 31-year-old , somewhat mental challeng , waterboy for a colleg footbal team . 
the team 's somewhat mental disturb coach ( henri winkler ) realiz that hi waterboy ha a great deal of pent-up rage , which , if har properli , would make him a forc to be reckon with on the footbal field . 
you can figur out the rest from here . 
sandler join the team and thi onc lowli waterboy becom a footbal star . 
as i said , the film had a great deal of potenti . 
the idea wa a decent one , but the main potenti of thi movi is a result of the cast . 
all of whom are veri good , just hamstrung by realli , realli , lousi materi . 
even sandler , annoy goofi voic and all , ha enough charisma and natur comed abil to overcom some of hi bad materi . 
even as unfunni as hi charact is , i still found myself root for him throughout the film . 
but it is the support cast that i feel most badli about . 
if their materi had been just a bit better , thi film could have been such a funni movi . 
fairuza balk play sandler 's leather-wear biker-chick love interest and doe a great job play sleazi and sexi at the same time . 
winkler is great as the coach who use a `` coach for dummi `` -style book to help him get through game . 
the real standout though , is kathi bate . 
even with some of the worst materi of her career to deal with , she is still a treat to watch in her role as sandler 's overprotect and overbear mama . 
even with the perform of bate and winkler , there is absolut no way i would recommend thi movi . 
although i get the distinct impress that without them , thi film would have rank in neg number for me . 
which is sad , becaus i ca n't realli put my finger on a particular element of the movi and singl it out as the caus of the disast that it becam . 
it 's obviou that those involv , specif the actor , tri veri hard to make what they thought wa go to be a funni movi . 
it 's just too bad that 99 percent of all of the joke fell flat . 
