despit it exceedingli well-don visual effect , 1995 's origin speci wa one big hunk of sci-fi chees , from the write to the feebl perform . 
so , come from such b-grade root , it sequel 's stun ineptitud is not terribl surpris , yet at the same time it is . 
it would not have been difficult at all for the peopl behind speci ii to top the hokey origin , yet they have somehow manag to fabric someth just as bad , if not even wors . 
someth is clearli amiss when the back door left open for a sequel in speci -- a sewer rat becom not quit of thi earth after eat a bodi part from the explod alien/human hybrid sil -- is never enter into ( perhap that wa left for speci iii -- though i 'm not give away anyth when i say that thi instal ha an open back door of it own ) . 
the alien fun and game begin thi time when a three-person astronaut crew return from mar inadvert carri within their soil sampl deadli alien dna that eventu infect the mission captain , patrick ross ( justin lazard , late of cb 's short-liv soap of a few year back , central park west/cpw ) . 
thi alien dna is not ident to that which creat the origin film 's sil , but it 's close enough , and upon arriv on earth patrick is mate like crazi , engag in bloodi sex with just about everi woman he can find . 
meanwhil , scientist dr . laura baker ( the return marg helgenberg ) ha creat a clone of sil name eve ( natasha henstridg again ) for research purpos . 
it doe n't take long for eve to sens anoth alien presenc , which send her libido into hyperdr . 
it 's up to laura and her former partner , bounti hunter press lennox ( michael madsen , anoth returne ) ; and patrick 's uninfect shipmat denni gambl ( mykelti williamson ) to find patrick befor the in-heat eve doe . 
`` thi is n't the x-file , goddammit ! `` 
exclaim one charact in the earli go . 
in term of qualiti , he 's absolut right , but he 's also wrong . 
the new alien first appear as an otherworldli ooz sludg that caus patrick 's pupil to dilat onc he 's infect . 
look and sound an aw lot like the x-file 's `` black cancer `` to me . 
but that 's not the onli sourc director peter medak and writer chri brancato steal from . 
speci wa alreadi a ripoff of alien , but medak make the crib much more blatant than the origin 's director , roger donaldson , did . 
human patrick is given a tongu that also ha a tongu within itself , and hi alien form more close resembl the alien than eve 's alien bodi ( which iron wa design by alien design h . r . giger ) . 
a larg alien hive that our hero dous with a substanc fire from larg gun ? 
alien san flamethrow . 
the visual effect were by far the best thing about speci , and the sequel 's effect crew at steve johnson 's xfx inc . keep that high-qual tradit aliv ; no cheap-look lost in space cgi here . 
after the effect , the origin 's best asset wa the fresh presenc of henstridg . 
howev , medak and brancato have no idea what exactli to do with her for thi instal . 
at one point she 's call on to play alien `` empath `` ? la forest whitak in the origin , but for most of the durat she 's hole up in a glass cell . 
by the time the big breakout so promin featur in the trailer actual take place , the film is well into it home stretch . 
so the rest of the time we are treat to patrick , play with littl zest by lazard . 
one problem with the first film wa that the deadli , horni , but innocent-at-heart sil wa too sympathet ; no such problem with patrick , who come off as a cocki pretti boy befor the alien take control . 
the rest of the cast also fail to add much , but the write can be fault for that . 
helgenberg and madsen go through the motion , but they are alreadi hamper by the clich ? d develop that somewher between the two film , the once-link laura and press stop get along . 
williamson suffer the worst indign . 
he tri hi best to enliven the token african-american role , but how can anyon recit insult , deriv line such as `` i 'm gon na get african on someon 's ass `` and not appear ridicul ? 
but speci ii 's worst crime is be a thoroughli uninterest piec of work . 
at least the origin featur plenti to laugh at -- unaccount aw perform by the otherwis fine actor ben kingsley and whitak , and the sight of helgenberg 's charact perform fellatio on madsen 's , for a start . 
but the filmmak do not display ani discern effort at all , let alon the misguid effort that is requir for someth to reach the camp level . 
for all the blood and gore , nuditi , and sex thrown in , speci ii is , quit simpli , a vapid bore . 
