the yet-to-be-releas krippendorf 's tribe is be market as a famili comedi , but buyer bewar . 
thi movi ca n't make up it mind . 
is it a famili comedi with vulgar refer to both the male and femal bodi , menstruat , circumcis , and sex that would make ani parent squirm at the thought of have their child next to them ? 
or is it an adult comedi approach with such immatur that onli adolesc will appreci the effort ? 
either way , `` unbalanc `` is the word to stamp on thi hit and miss and miss and miss effort . 
the premis is catchi - widow anthropolog professor jame krippendorf ( richard dreyfuss ) ha spent the past two year `` get over `` the death of hi wife , neglect key research and squander grant money on person live expens . 
now it 's time to show what he 's achiev in those two year , and he ha absolut noth to show for it . 
with a fabric tale of studi a previous undiscov tribe in new guinea , krippendorf petit for new fund while hide the fact that the previou $ 100 , 000 grant wa spent on trip to mcdonald 's . 
but when hi `` discoveri `` becom the latest craze among colleagu , the professor find he must do more than talk about the tribe - he must creat it . 
with the aid of hi three children , the headstrong teen shelli ( natasha lyonn of everyon say i love you ) , the slightli younger mickey ( gregori smith ) , and the nine-year-old edmund ( carl michael lindner ) , the `` shelmikedmu `` tribe ( name from the first half of each child 's name ) is born , and video quickli produc in krippendorf 's backyard are pass off as stun documentari footag of the newli found new guinea tribe . 
despit the professor 's wish , the buzz surround hi discoveri onli grow , due in greatest part to veronica micelli ( jenna elfman ) , an overli vivaci ( and voluptu ) anthropologist who barg her way into the discoveri and basic deem herself krippendorf 's main assist . 
hungri for recognit , micelli set up interview , lectur , etc . in an effort to make thi the biggest sociolog event in histori , a sure fire way to go down in the histori book . 
krippendorf , on the other hand , is see himself go down a jail cell corridor , not in histori book , and with each new lectur , he must come up with someth impress to unleash about the tribe - mate habit , domest structur , etc . thru fumbl improvis , and often some quick think from hi oldest son , krippendorf make it thru each new lectur , but onli creat more and more interest in the highli uniqu tribe . 
on the oppos end is krippendorf 's arch rival , ruth allen ( lili tomlin ) , an arrog professor whose jealousi drive her on a mission to disprov the exist of the non-exist tribe . 
it 's a cute idea , and approach with a more subtl ( and matur ) style , krippendorf 's tribe could 've been a real winner . 
sadli , the mostly-misfir toilet humor , overli comic music score ( by bruce broughton ) , and sugar coat sentiment ( all the key ingredi of a `` famili comedi `` ) just are n't the right tone for thi film . 
cut that crap out , add some razor sharp dialogu and witti sociolog percept and you 've got a good start . 
at the state it 's in now , you 've got someth along the line of medicin man meet mr . 
doubtfir meet dumb & dumber , and that 's not a concoct anyon should be overli anxiou to tri . 
the overal product here is a highli forgett cup of `` averag `` , with a few laugh-out-loud moment and a great big gap in between them . 
most of the charact are surprisingli two-dimension , and the onli one who seem to exhibit ani real act effort ( lyonn ) seem to go greatli unappreci . 
director todd holland ha gone about make thi film in all the wrong way . 
it 's stuck in limbo between disney famili fare ( jungl 2 jungl ) and potenti hilari adult comedi ( a fish call wanda ) . 
it 's thi unbalanc structur that realli knock it down a grade , and it 's a brutal drop . 
a strong warn to parent : forget the impress given by advertis , do you want to take your kid to a film that ha a woman ask a man if he find her attract mere becaus she 's hold hi peni ? 
ye , it 's put that bluntli ! 
just be warn - thi is mere one exampl of the mani shock subject to be brought up in the film , and other might not be as tame . 
