it 's been hour sinc i return from the much anticip sci-fi opu ` mission to mar ' , and i can still detect the reek of moldi cheddar . 
whi ? 
the movi is a shoddi cheesefest full of digit eye candi , stapl carelessli onto a flimsi screenplay which somehow manag to leapfrog the great promis of a space opera , instead shoot for the angl of a feel-good scienc fiction drama more akin to ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' . 
i got the feel that most of my fellow movie-go patron were expect anoth ` armageddon ' . 
but no , ` mission to mar ' certainli is n't one larg action sequenc about coloss disast . 
thi is a supposedli thought , family-friendli space flick in which the apocalypt excit take a back seat to visual eleg and uplift drivel . 
you have been warn . 
of cours , craft a tightli claustrophob space drama is not imposs ( see ` apollo 13 ' for an excel exampl ) , but few director possess the skill and craftsmanship to pull it off without serious scar their reput . 
brian de palma ha enough directori expertis and visual wizardri up hi sleev to pull it off . 
when he get hi hand on an intellig , systemat practic script like ` the untouch ' or ` mission : imposs ' , the director ha the abil to creat a sound technic achiev ( although hi overli indulg style becom bothersom more than occasion ) . 
of cours , there 's also the inexcus string of crap that ha carri hi name ( includ ` snake eye ' and the notori bomb ` the bonfir of the vaniti ' ) . . . . 
all of which make me want to call de palma the most talent hack in hollywood . 
that term may be too harsh , but if i were judg him sole on the perpetu wast of talent that is ` mission to mar ' , my choic of word would have been slightli less lenient . 
if i were gari sinis , i would n't touch de palma with a 10-foot pole . 
sinis is a wonder , wonder actor , but after appear in ` snake eye ' and thi vomit-induc sham , i 'm sure he would n't want to risk the embarrass of a third collabor . 
the academi award-winn play nasa astronaut jim mcconnel , a man who recent lost hi wife ( kim delaney ) and is appar psycholog unfit for an upcom space shuttl mission to mar ( oop , forgot to mention the year - 2020 ) . 
after a barbecu get-togeth for the astronaut , we cut to luc goddard ( don cheadl ) and hi team , who are alreadi take measur and calcul on the red planet . 
suddenli , a tower format of rock and soil - probabl best dub a ` sand tornado ' - appear and creat a whirlwind of suction . 
for some reason , the astronaut just stand there calmli to admir thi , as if it were a love piec of art . 
the team is kill within second , expect for luc , who wa abl to send one final transmiss and may still be aliv . 
immedi , a second mission - consist of astronaut mcconnel , husband and wife woodi and terri blake ( tim robbin and conni nielsen ) and phil ohlmyer ( jerri o'connel ) - are dispatch to rescu luc and discov the mysteri secret of planet mar . 
let 's put the ` secret ' on hold for now , and discuss the trip there . 
it is explain , whether scientif accur or not ( probabl not ) , that a trip to mar take roughli six month . 
i 'm not sure whi the quartet of screenwrit behind ` m2m ' did n't capit on thi juici opportun of creat tension and claustrophobia . 
instead , we join the team dure their final day aboard the ship . 
what happen dure the five month prior to thi ? 
did they just play card and tell dirti joke ? 
still , there are few nice tens moment ( mayb the onli in the movi ) dure the time-fram involv a fuel leak . 
depalma 's direct is quit good in these scene , although the score by ennio morricon is larg inconsist ( organ music in space ? 
c'mon ) . 
there 's a few good , imagin idea in the landslid of chees , a sad realiz that caus me to sigh out loud . 
it 's a coloss bummer that ` mission to mar ' is poorli assembl and laughabl written , with a dubiou and suprem silli final that will onli satisfi dedic optimist . 
as mention befor , anyon look for some disaster-movi carnag is go to feel savag disappoint . . . 
mayb even cheat . 
after the unbeliev hokey final shot ( with the word ? the end ' somehow ad insult to injuri ) , a few audienc member made the effort to boo and hiss at the screen . 
other mutter obscen , shake their head in disbelief while mumbl ` jeez , that suck . ' 
okay , it did suck . 
but you have to show the actor some sympathet merci . . . 
after all , they do pretti well . 
sinis is sincer and effect in mani of hi scene , robbin and nielsen wholeheartedli convinc as a love nasa coupl , and funnyman o'connel - well , he ha a coupl line are actual amus ( and intent so ) . 
the digit effect accompani the sand tornado sequenc are quit impress . 
so , by golli , where did thi ` mission ' go wrong ? 
look back on the appal experi , i would say in practic everi conduit and crevass it could have . 
while watch ` mission to mar ' , my suggest would be to immedi abort , or better yet , do n't even strap yourself in for lift-off . 
