plot : someth about a bunch of kid go into a haunt hous and play out parodi of other horror and non-horror movi . 
oh yeah , there 's also someth about a ghost possess the mansion and shit , but trust me , you wo n't care much about the `` plot `` in thi film . . . 
critiqu : parodi movi either work or they do n't and thi one just doe n't work ! 
the laugh are n't as pronounc thi time around , the energi level , the gag and all of the charact just seem to be go through the motion here . 
it 's like they were all in a hurri to finish the film or someth ( wink , wink ) . 
and the scariest part of it all ? 
check out the number of screenwrit it took to pen thi puppi : seven ! 
i say again , it took seven peopl to write 82-minut worth of fart joke , half-ass stunt and spoof of film other than horror . 
now i 'm not exactli sure if each of the writer wrote their own part separ or just toss `` funni sketch `` idea out there while smoke the chronic themselv , but the end result is a film that basic play out like an extend skit on `` saturday night live `` . 
there are a coupl of funni one-lin , but mostli just rehash one-jok scene , a lot of dead silenc and lame gag . 
add to that the veri unorigin titl and movi poster and you got ta start ask yourself if anybodi wa even tri here ( the film 's websit is n't even up yet ! ! ! 
what the f * * * ? ! ? ) . 
i do howev have to give it up to jame wood , the man who open up thi movi with the funniest parodi of them all ( the exorcist take-off -- miss thi and you 've miss ani reason to see the flick ) . 
i especi like hi one-lin as he walk in to see the possess woman 's head turn . 
veri funni ! 
unfortun , the film plummet straight down after that , with dumb parodi of mani teen flick that have noth to do with horror such as save the last danc and dude , where 's my car , and other action movi like charli 's angel and mission imposs 2 . now help me figur thi one out , will you ? 
is n't thi suppos to be a parodi film of horror movi ? ! ? 
( or mayb that 's just the titl of the film f-ing with my head ) . 
well , i 'm sorri to have to say thi but the onli horror in thi film is it lame-ass script ! 
the wayan brother should have known better than to look toward the weinstein brother ( money ) instead of the zucker brother ( comedi ) for thi sequel . 
unfortun for us , all we 're left with here is a skeleton of a film which might 've been funni , had it been work over a few more time , tighten up here and there , and been inject with more solid laugh . 
but as thing stand now , there is no doubt in my mind that the obviou greed to capit on the success of last year 's film ha led everyon down thi path , so screw them for not tri as hard ( critic speak , of cours ) . 
you should all be asham of yourselv for not put enough `` real `` effort into thi chop-job and for not provid your fan with the ultim of your talent . 
pooh on you ! 
( that 's tell 'em , joblo ! 
sheesh ) 
btw , i 'm allot one point alon to actress kathleen robertson , whose massiv breast and skanki g-string had me chompin ' at the bit . 
you go , girl ! 
everyon els . . . stay ! 
where 's joblo come from ? 
airplan ( 10/10 ) - airplan ii ( 10/10 ) - galaxi quest ( 8/10 ) - hannib ( 7/10 ) - the haunt ( 3/10 ) - mafia ( 5/10 ) - nake gun ( 8/10 ) - scari movi ( 8/10 ) - top secret ( 9/10 ) 
