from a major leagu basebal radio broadcast , featur play-by- play man harri canari and color man whitey hashbrown , with special guest comment jame berardinelli . 
hc : as we go to the top of the 8th , we 're join in the booth by film critic jame berardinelli , who 's here fresh from see the new basebal movi , major leagu : back to the minor , the third in the popular saga take a lighter look at the major . 
nice to see you , jim . 
as a big basebal fan and a movi review , can you give us the scoop on the new flick ? 
jb : my opinion : the produc should have stop while they were ahead , and that wa nine year ago . 
one entri wa definit enough , and i 'm surpris there wa a third after the anem show and low qualiti of major leagu 2 . thi latest instal ha all the earmark of someth that should have been releas direct-to-video . 
it 's wors than a mediocr made-for-tv featur . 
i should also mention that thi movi like wo n't play all that well in cleveland . 
now that the real indian are perenni contend , they have been replac by the minnesota twin as the cinemat sadsack . 
actual , most of the action involv the twin ' aaa minor leagu club , the buzz , rather than the actual major leagu franchis . 
hc : sorri to interrupt , jim , but we still have to do play-by-play for the game on the field . 
lead off thi inning is john warren . 
he step into the batter 's box and take kent 's pitch low for ball one . 
wh : so , the stori 's strictli minor leagu , right ? 
what 's it about ? 
jb : scott bakula , the guy from quantum leap , play career minor leagu pitcher gu cantrel . 
when twin owner roger dorn , onc again portray by corbin bernsen , need a new manag for hi aaa team , he offer the job to gu , who is now face with two daunt task : turn the team around and groom hot prospect downtown anderson ( play by walt goggin ) for a promot to `` the show . `` 
with the help of former major leaguer pedro cerrano ( denni haysbert ) , rube baker ( eric bruskott ) , and isuro tanaka ( takaaki ishibashi ) , gu get the buzz on the right track . 
in fact , he is so success that he earn the enmiti of the jealou manag of the big-leagu club , leonard huff ( play with over-the-top relish by ted mcginley ) . 
soon , dorn ha arrang an exhibit game that pit gu ' overachiev group against huff 's overpaid , last-plac bunch . 
wh : can we guess who win ? 
jb : the result have all the suspens of watch the videotap of a game when you 've alreadi seen the box score . 
on top of that , none of the mock-up are present with much flair . 
they 're not just bore ; they 're lacklust . 
but the major leagu movi have never been about drama or tension ; they 've been about use basebal situat to gener laugh . 
hc : warren foul off a fastbal . 
1 and 1 . 
wh : are there lot of yuk in thi one ? 
jb : not one , from start to finish . 
i enjoy the first major leagu becaus it wa reason fresh and funni . 
okay , a lot of the joke were sophomor , but they made me laugh . 
the two sequel have n't just been stale , but their humor quotient ha been abysm low . 
even bob uecker 's once-sharp one-lin have turn lame , and they 're the closest the film come to be even vagu amus . 
hc : here 's the 1-1 pitch . 
looooooong drive ? fair or foul ? foul ball ! 
the count goe to 1 and 2 . 
wh : doe the film at least get the basebal detail correct ? 
jb : ye . 
there are n't ani glare error like there were in one of the best-ev basebal movi , the natur . 
but i 'd gladli trade a technic accur film for one with a good stori , believ charact , or even a littl genuin humor . 
heck , the nake gun is a better basebal comedi than major leagu : back to the minor . 
wh : it 's nice to see old friend one more time , is n't it ? 
like cerrano , tanaka , and dorn . 
jb : depend on whether you realli care that anyon is back . 
there are n't ani real charact here ? just an assort of clich oddbal . 
yeah , the voodoo hitter , the catcher who ca n't throw back to the pitcher , the japanes player , and the conceit player-turned-own have all return , but who realli care ? 
they have no depth . 
notabl absenc includ tom bereng 's veteran and charli sheen 's `` wild thing . `` 
we do n't realli miss them , though . 
hc : break ball , low and outsid . 
2 and 2 . 
wh : so you 're say that we should give thi one a miss ? 
jb : that 's right . 
to use basebal terminolog , it 's a three-pitch strikeout . 
if you 're look for a good movi that involv basebal , tri pop the natur , field of dream , bull durham , or even the first major leagu into the vcr . 
actual , thi is an oddly-tim releas , sinc basebal fan are like to be spend more time in park than in theater . 
even the minor leagu season are alreadi underway . 
do n't bother with major leagu : back to the minor . 
it 's a wretch time- waster . 
wh : thank for the advic . 
jb : you 're welcom . 
hc : and here 's the 2-2 pitch . 
foul back , right into thi booth . 
hey , jim , head up ! 
oop . 
somebodi better get him some ice for that . 
he may be good at deflect bad basebal movi , but he need to learn not to duck into foul ball . 
odd how warren seem to aim that ball right at him , almost as if he ha a grudg to settl . 
anyway , back to the action on the field ? 
