chill factor is a carbon copi of speed with one notabl except : instead of a speed bu , we now have an ice cream truck . 
the truck is driven by arlo ( cuba good jr . ) and mason ( skeet ulrich ) , who have been instruct by a die scientist to transport a deadli chemic weapon to a militari base by the name of fort mcgruder . 
thi particular weapon ( nicknam ` elvi ' ) must be kept below a temperatur of 50 degre , or els the shockwav will goo-iffi everyth in a mile radiu . 
that would be pretti nasti . 
the power of elvi is reveal in the open scene , as dr . richard long ( david paymer ) conduct a test on an isol tropic island . 
long accident melt 18 soldier and defoli virtual the entir island , due to an enorm miscalcul safeti distanc . 
the command offic , gener brynner ( peter firth ) , is sentenc to 10 year in prison for the murder of hi troop . 
upon hi releas , the gener is intent on track the good doctor down , snatch elvi , and sell the weapon to the highest intern bidder . 
protect the fate of the world is a drift hamburg flipper ( ulrich ) and a feisti ice cream deliveri man ( good jr . ) , who must elud brynner 's men and get elvi to safeti at fort mcgruder . 
all the while , of cours , they must keep the weapon below 50 degre . 
thi prove to be tricki . 
among the wild adventur arlo and mason partak in is a trip down a tree-cov mountainsid in a boat , and a fist fight on top of a move vehicl . 
they also crack a few dozen witti retort that we are suppos to find amus . 
to put it simpli , i 'll use a clever pun : chill factor should be put on ice . 
director hugh johnson ha mix element from speed , broken arrow and the lethal weapon seri to creat a lifelessli bland cocktail of a chase movi . 
when there is some occasion action , the audienc seem oddli detach from it . 
perhap that 's becaus we 've alreadi wade through a pool of clich ? s and bore dialogu ; all materi that 's been use befor , and with a lot more spice . 
take the villain , for exampl . 
they are typic stereotyp of everi terrorist that ha ever walk the silver screen . 
they speak line that have been recycl profus from one movi to the next , divulg import plot detail while hold their enemi at gunpoint , and act in veri predict way . 
the tag-team of good jr . and ulrich sound much more excit than it is . 
frankli , i 'm not sure i can accept cuba as an ice cream man . 
i suppos it 's better than him dress like a giant hot dog , sell jumbo frankfurt on a street corner . 
good display one singl emot in thi movi , which is frequent on display in line like ` i 'm gon na get on yo ass like last year 's underwear ! ' and the incess sputter of ` oh , sh * t ! ' 
thi is virtual the same charact he play in jerri maguir and as good as it get . 
but where good wa onc an excit actor , he now seem dull and endlessli monoton . 
at least he 's a bit more captiv than ulrich , who ha all the film 's worst dialogu , but doe noth notic to enliven hi charact . 
the support cast , which includ everi person you expect to pop up , is also wast . 
to be fair , there are a few brief moment of servic action . 
and i did chuckl a few time . 
one exampl is when ulrich ( an employe at ` darlen 's diner ' ) is at the counter when brynner walk through the door . 
` you own thi place ? ' 
the gener ask . 
` yeah , ' ulrich say . 
` they call me darlen . ' 
these littl tidbit of humor are ( mainli ) welcom in thi weak , disappoint wreckag of an action film . 
as a speed clone , it could have benefit from a lot more suspens and perhap ( god forbid ) even some decent write . 
sadli , i walk away from chill factor onli wonder how much fun it could have been . 
