* * * warn - the follow review contain spoiler * * * 
cast : gari sinis , don cheadl , conni nielsen , jerri o'connel , kim delaney , tim robbin , elis neal , jill teed , jodi thompson , bill timoney written by : jim thoma , john thoma and graham yost direct by : brian depalma run time : 115 minut 
the first big event movi of 2000 turn out to be anyth but . 
gari sinis star as an astronaut who is remov from a mar mission when hi astronaut wife , maggi ( kim delaney ) , becom ill and pass away . 
don cheadl is then given the mission along with a russian coupl and a young hotshot . 
when a strang whirlwind shot from the top of a mar mountain rang attack the crew of the mission , sinis and robbin convinc their superior to let them , neilsen , and o'connel perform a rescu mission for whatev crew might be remain . 
what they discov on the surfac of the planet will dramat chang their live forev ( although no one watch the film will come away profoundli affect ) . 
befor i ever saw the film , i wa awar of the promot campaign with dr . pepper . 
everi time i would see a bottl of the soft drink , the mission to mar logo wa emblazon upon it . 
littl did i know that the plot would be take a back seat to the product placement of the drink and sever other product . 
dr . pepper save the day at one point , and a dream sequence/flashback featur jerri o'connel shove m & m 's in our face . 
these are but a coupl of the ridicul exampl of product placement scatter throughout the film . 
clich ? s are also the order of the day with mission to mar . 
dialogu and charact motiv are all lift directli from countless other scienc fiction film that have all done it better and with more style ( even independ day , which lift all of it 's premis from other sci-fi film wa better than thi film , and i do n't like independ day ) . 
film like 2001 : a space odyssey , the abyss , and close encount of the third kind are all blatantli stolen from ( and poorli at that ) . 
there is even a sequenc where a rover is travel through a canyon , and i could n't help but whisper `` u'tinni `` to myself and wait for a jawa to quickli hide in the rock befor the rover could get a glimps of it . 
thi film also featur one of my all-tim least favorit movi clich ? s : the `` he would have want you to have thi `` moment , where one charact give anoth a trinket that yet anoth charact is establish as constantli have ( and is usual made fun of by the charact who end up get all sappi over it later on ) . 
scene like these alway bother me when they come out of nowher in regular film , but in a film as clich ? ridden as thi , it is particularli irrit . 
ennio morricon 's music is usual consid to be some of the best stuff in the project he work on , but here it is dread overbear . 
hi music sound like it came straight out of a vincent price movi in certain scene . 
at other time hi music is unbear over-dramat . 
one sequenc involv a dare spacewalk rescu is given a particularli cheesi sting when it is discov that the grappl hook devic use for the rescu wo n't reach it intend target . 
mission to mar is push button filmmak to the greatest extrem . 
event are set into motion that are obviou to anyon who ha ever seen a movi and seem like they are just there to evok an emot respons in the audienc . 
we are appar suppos to be upset that tim robbin charact remov hi helmet in deep space and kill himself to save hi wife , but i felt extrem boredom coupl with a twing of disinterest . 
what make it all wors is that fact that there is no real reason that robbin ' charact need to turn himself into a popsicl , except to invok an emot respons ( i could think of at least one way to save him , and the nasa clown in thi film are suppos to be `` smarter `` than i am ) . 
dure the final , when we are final introduc to the transluc , conehead , kitty-fac alien that we ostens sprung from , we are present with some of the most ridicul cartoonish cgi ever put to film ( just slightli wors than the plane crash at the end of air forc one or the hell scene in spawn ) . 
a brief histori lesson about `` where we came from `` is proffer , then sinis is whisk away to be with `` the rest of our peopl `` ( he doe thi becaus hi late wife proclaim in a video he watch earli on that `` thi is a chanc to step foot where no one els ha `` ) . 
> from the press i 've been see thi film receiv , it is appar that mission to mar will be die a quick death at the theater . 
i 'm sure the first weekend or two will be huge , but onc word get out peopl will stop go . 
let 's just hope the upcom red planet is better than thi and is n't hurt by the neg thi film is gener . 
i 'd ventur to say it wo n't be wors than thi wast of time . 
[ pg ] 
