at first i wa intrigu by the strang cast and odd creatur on the galaxi quest trailer , but that wa befor i saw the film . 
now my view ha complet chang . 
it 's time to embrac for impact , becaus thi is a veri bumpi ride . 
the stori begin with the cast of galaxi quest includ : jason nesmith ( tim allen ) , alexand dane ( alan rickman ) , gwen demarco ( sigourney weaver ) sign autograph at a convent . 
they meet fan who dress up in costum , fan who worship the ground they walk on , and a group of alien call thermian who believ that they are the ultim savior against the dread alien coloni lead by sarri ( robin sach ) . 
of cours they are unawar of thi until they actual begin perform their duti , and meet the ugli alien themselv . 
thu begin the long adventur to help save the thermian . 
the movi play like a realli bad star trek episod , in fact it 's wors . 
i do n't even think trekki will appreci thi weak spoof , becaus quit frankli it 's just not funni . 
all the joke are basic collect observ from the seri . 
one such continu joke involv a simpl crew member who believ he will die in space , becaus no extra on the tv show ever live , as proven in the star trek seri . 
creativ joke like thi may seem like a clever idea , but not when they are use to death . 
a person can onli take so much . 
we do not need to be tortur , especi when you have to pay for it . 
it 's pretti bad when even tim allen is piti . 
it 's not like i expect an oscar worthi perform form him , but a few laugh would have been help . 
speak of act , 2 fine talent were wast as well . 
sigourney weaver wa here to show cleavag , well at least it work . 
it 's pretti bad when the onli entertain valu of the film is cleavag . 
it just show you how disgrac the film realli is . 
alan rickman howev wa not so lucki . 
after hi last hit ( dogma ) he embarrass himself by do thi sloppi mess . 
it 's just a shame to see talent actor and actress throw their abil away . 
when the film could n't get ani wors , thank some nice special effect pop up . 
like mani big blockbust ( armageddon , the haunt to name a few ) they reli heavili on effect to help boost the film 's box offic result . 
time it work , but unfortun we have to shell out hard earn money and suffer through thi junk . 
when will it stop ? 
i am get tire of be sucker into see such trash . 
it may look fine and dandi , but we need to at least have a stori . 
is that too much to ask ? 
obvious it is . 
when galaxi quest final end , it liter crash land . 
asid from the impress look creatur from industri light and magic , it 's an embarrass to the cast , and it 's embarrass to the scienc fiction genr . 
it 's not the least bit fun , nor wa it entertain . 
the onli place where thi movi belong is to infin and beyond . 
