there ? s noth quit like a gori anim . 
realli , and thi is the truth , no other genr in film get away with such violenc without a word be said in the media about it . 
with anim , a common shot is watch a bodi get quickli cut in two , and the rest of the insid fall out second afterword . 
thi is a standard practic in anim , or at least the half dozen or so titl that i ? ve seen . 
vampir hunter d is a gori , gori film . 
if they ever made a live version of the film , it would be ban in sever countri and given a rate somewher below xxx . 
it ? s not that it ? s gore is uniqu - it ? s just like other gori anim - but thi one wa suppos to stand out becaus of the complex it ? s stori , charact , anim , etc . . . 
it realli didn ? t . 
it wa disgust and gruesom , which overshadow the stori , what littl of it there wa . 
it seem that in the not too distant futur vampir and evil control the world , becaus god know that our local polic forc just can ? t seem to get a handl on vampir in the movi . 
one even , a blond peasant girl , drawn to look 17 and innoc ( a foreshadow that we will see her nake , i guess earli on it would be in the shower or in a rape scene ) is out fight evil in her local forest preserv when she stumbl onto the privat properti of a ten thousand year old vampir ( insert strom thurmand joke here . ) 
of cours , he never put a ? no trespass ? sign on hi yard , so one can ? t realli blame her , but he ? s upset anyway and demand retribut . 
she get the obligatori bite on the neck ( aren ? t there other place to get blood from ? 
it seem like a bite in the elbow would do well enough . 
if it 's good enough for doctor to draw blood from , then whi do vampir stray from that sight ? ) 
to fight the spell , she enlist the help of a mysteri tall , dark and handsom vampir hunter ( you guess it , hi name is d ) . 
the vampir hunter is torn between fight vampir , be attract to the 17 year old peasant girl and find reason not to talk too much . 
you see , like all hero in these kind of stori , he ? s a brooder , who ? s sole purpos in life is to remain realli , realli silent . 
when he speak , it ? s in clich . 
hero like thi are bad when they ? re live , even wors when anim . 
later the vampir hunter storm the castl to meet the big bad vampir , who want to marri the peasant girl becaus he ? s bore after 10 , 000 year of live ( the onli clever vampir insight made in the movi ) , will vampir hunter d rush to save her in time ? 
will we see blood and intestin spatter on everi place imagin ? 
in it ? s defens , the anim , when focus on be origin rather than recycl anim slice , could at time be origin . 
the talk hand wa clever - and i think the inspir for a skateboard-rel logo . 
and that ? s the best defens i can think of . 
i understand that vampir hunter d is suppos to be a fave among anim fan , but i realli don ? t see it . 
it ? s an excus to watch blood drip from teeth , blood explod out of eye socket and hors neck , and most importantli , like all violent anim , it is an excus to see anim breast . 
whi ? 
what is the point of that ? 
mayb i have to understand the genr and look past the obsess gore and mysogni . 
i ? m not a prude , i just don ? t think it ? s warrant . 
it put itself so far out in front of the movi that everyth els get lost . 
is there a necces in see a 17 year old in the shower ? 
of cours not ? it ? s done for shock . 
it ? s tasteless and despic . 
