synopsi : melissa , a mentally-disturb woman who like to smoke , seduc doug , a minor-leagu basebal player who like to studi anatomi , work on motorcycl , and make out with hi girlfriend in a public librari . 
when doug decid to stop see her , melissa malici take reveng on those around him , includ hi girlfriend , hi mother , and hi cat . 
comment : malici , i suppos , is an accept moview for what it is : a cheap , b-movi thriller which rip off dozen and dozen of spurned-psycho-lover-who-wants-reveng film ( like fatal attract , hand that rock the cradl , etc . etc . ) that have come befor it . 
malici , howev , realli doe n't provid veri mani particularli suspens moment . 
the plot start off energet enough , the main charact are introduc and the affair between doug and melissa begin and end pretti earli on in the film . 
it start to drag , unfortun , after thi . 
melissa will obvious tri to take her reveng on doug ( as alway seem to happen in movi like these ) , but she doe so in unimagin way that have been done in other , better thriller befor . 
she drug someon . 
she kill a famili pet and leav it in the girlfriend 's apart . 
and , of cours , she stalk , so we see a number of shot , which are suppos to be suspens , where she 's spi on doug and hi girlfriend . 
i wo n't reveal the ludicr end to thi turkey , but i warn you that it 's both pain obviou and a real yawner . 
john vernon doe a remark good job at play the not-so-bright basebal jock who initi get swept away by melissa ( one of the script 's fault is to tri to pass off a charact like thi as a pre-m student ) . 
the same can not be said , though , for molli ringwald . 
at time , she can effect pull off the obsess lover routin , especi dure her silent , i'm-going-to-stare-you-down scene . 
at other time , howev , she just seem somehow goofi and out of place . 
in one particular scene which i guess wa suppos to be suspens , she screech `` f -- k you , you b -- -- -d `` and throw a phone . 
she deliv the line so ridicul that one ca n't help but laugh . 
malici certainli is n't the worst thriller of it kind out in the video rack ( a number of realli fat turki in thi genr are out there ) , but it is n't all that good or origin either . 
feel free to treat thi film malici , watch someth els . 
