warner brother ; rate pg-13 ( mild violenc , sexual situat ) ; 132 minut 
director : lui mandoki 
screenplay : gerald di pego ( from the novel by nichola spark ) 
cast : kevin costner , robin wright-penn , paul newman , illeana dougla , robbi coltran , jess jame , john savag . 
review by : geoff berkshir 
i 'm not an overli cynic guy . 
there have been mani glossi hollywood romanc that have carri me away with their romantic over the year . 
howev , i have my limit and i also have standard . 
thi bring us to the subject at hand : messag in a bottl , the big ticket romanc that warner brother ' unleash upon the movi go public just in time for valentin 's day . 
the stori , what littl of it that there is , involv bore chicago tribun report theresa osborn ( robin wright-penn ) deal with her recent divorc and tri to rais her young son jason ( jess jame ) . 
dure a brief stay somewher in new england she find the titular messag in a bottl while on a morn run by the ocean . 
the letter , written to a mysteri woman name catherin , instantli captiv her . 
upon her return , theresa share it with her best friend lina ( illeana dougla ) , her boss charli ( robbi coltran ) , and the entir citi of chicago ( the newspap publish an articl about it ) . 
it turn out that the messag wa written by griev widow garret blake ( kevin costner ) and so theresa travel to north carolina and track him down . 
he turn out to have a color father ( paul newman ) but is otherwis perfectli dull and overli obsess with sail . 
thi is somehow attract to theresa and the two begin their awkward courtship . 
of cours she doe n't tell him that she found hi letter , she want to but the rule of thi type of film requir him to find out later ( prefer right after they first make love ) . 
thi way garret can get veri angri and the relationship can be threaten . 
the discoveri of the messag and garret 's discoveri that theresa discov the messag are realli the onli two noteworthi event that happen dure the nearli two and a quarter hour run time of thi film . 
there 's a truli lame subplot about garret 's relationship with hi dead wife 's famili ( he get into a bar fight with her brother , play by john savag ) and then the necessari tear-jerk end . 
a fun way to pass the time is to take bet on exactli who will die , although it becom pretti clear by the second reel . 
the actual death sequenc is one of the most ridicul forc , and unintent humor , sequenc film sinc . . . 
well , sinc costner 's the postman ( 1997 ) . 
messag in a bottl is one slow move film . 
last year audienc were offer endur test such as the hors whisper and meet joe black but both of those film resembl jerri bruckheim product next to thi . 
they also had redeem qualiti in the form of qualiti perform and some stand out technic work . 
messag in a bottl ha a decent enough cast but they 're fight the materi all the way , and lose badli . 
costner and , especi , wright-penn are both likabl and attract enough to cheer for but their charact are simpli too bore . 
they also fail to gener ani kind of real romant chemistri . 
the support player are given veri littl to do . 
the reliabl dougla is particularli wast . 
old pro newman give hi all and occasion threaten to kick some life into thi dead hors of a film . 
a confront scene he ha with costner near the end is especi well play . 
howev , too frequent he just remind us how unexcit our lead charact are . 
the film is veri polish on the technic side to be sure but it onli work to undercut the stori . 
gabriel yare , who previous set the romant mood of the english patient ( 1996 ) and citi of angel ( 1998 ) with hi score , overdo it a bit here . 
caleb deschanel 's camera make everyth look a littl too beauti . 
do the offic of the chicago tribun realli need to look heavenli ? 
the edit by steven weisberg is troubl not onli consid all that could have been cut out but is also simpli messi at time . 
the real offend here is screenwrit gerald di pego . 
work from a best- sell novel by nichola spark ( which i have not read but have been told is on the same literari level as the bridg of madison counti ) , di pego creat one of the most uninspir script of recent time . 
it strict adher to clich ? s bring to mind such disast as i still know what you did last summer ( 1998 ) . 
there simpli is n't an origin scene in thi film . 
the dialogu is rare better than laughabl and thi is onli accentu by the excess long paus everi charact take while speak . 
thi is director mandoki 's first film sinc when a man love a woman ( 1994 ) , the solid meg ryan/andi garcia romanc . 
he 's simpli go through the motion with thi . 
messag in a bottl is easili the worst of the sever romant offer avail in theater at the moment and vie with what dream may come ( 1998 ) as one of the most misguid romanc of the decad . 
