in china in 1982 i turn the tabl on our nation guid and ask him if he had ani question about america . 
i guess i wa expect some sort of polit question . 
instead , i wa dumfound by what wa most on hi mind . 
`` in america , do wive and their mothers-in-law get along well ? `` 
he assur me in china that they did , but i am certain if that were true he would not have ask . 
even in china peopl seem to have problem relat to in- law . 
perhap some of life 's most difficult relationship aris when famili are suddenli artifici join by marriag . 
a man tri to relat to hi new prospect in-law and vice-versa could be the basi of a veri strong comedi . 
meet the parent doe not demonstr that fact , howev . 
greg focker ( play by ben stiller ) ha been date and in love with pam byrn ( teri polo ) for ten month and is now readi to propos to her . 
he will do it dure a weekend visit to meet debbi 's famili and to attend her sister 's wed . 
from the begin the relationship is awkward between greg and jack and dina byrn ( robert deniro and blyth danner ) . 
through no fault of hi own , the airlin ha lost greg 's luggag . 
and he ha to ask to borrow cloth . 
it is the begin of a game of one-upmanship in which greg is nearli alway one-down . 
as the game go on greg is more and more uncomfort and uneasi which onli contribut to the mistak he make . 
greg is play a game he doe not understand , in a leagu he is new to . 
but perhap along the way he will discov some unexpect secret about hi father-in-law . 
thi film had potenti in it tale of one-upmanship . 
it ha hit on a situat that mani in the audienc may find familiar -- one that ha not been done overli frequent in film . 
but the script by jim herzfeld and john hamburg is a littl too contriv . 
too mani coincid in the stori work against greg . 
the script could not decid if the main charact wa incompet or simpli unlucki . 
certainli he doe not help hi situat by do everyth wrong he possibl could , but even when he is tri to do the right thing natur conspir against him . 
there is an uneven mix of slapstick sequenc and human comedi . 
certainli the last part of the film feel awkwardli written . 
the main reason to see meet the parent is to see robert deniro 's perform . 
deniro play the suspici and not a littl fascist father as tightli wound and threaten as he can . 
the littl judgment express on hi face are a show in themselv as greg dig himself deeper and deeper into hi insecur . 
but we do not realli see much of that dig . 
ben stiller is an affabl presenc in the film but is not realli stretch himself by play the role as the nebbish to whom so mani bad thing happen . 
it is nice to see blyth danner again on the screen . 
but her charact ha a basic conflict between a basic decenc and her love for her husband and the script should have given her more to do with that . 
randi newman ha written a play score . 
in the first few second of the film it doe someth creativ i have never heard a film score do befor . 
there is a lot of sourc music that is popular music of the 1960 . 
presum that is what the upper class listen to at least in somebodi 's imagin . 
humor is subject and some thi film ha been get some favor comment . 
but thi is a comedi that work onli occasion for me . 
i would have to rate it 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
