there is a scene in patch adam in which patch is in the center of a courtroom , surround by peopl who are give him a live stand ovat becaus of hi strong-word attack on a group of stoic doctor . 
when i notic that the audienc with whom i saw thi film wa react the same way , i realiz that i wa go to have a hard time find someon who agre with me about the qualiti of the pictur . 
you see , patch adam revolt me beyond all boundari . 
i hate thi movi for everi second that i sat watch it , and i activ hate it now , day later , with the simper , superfici , nauseatingli sentiment imag forev plagu my memori . 
i hate everi element of the film , begin with tom shadyac 's shameless direct , and all the way up to the misguid and mishandl theme that the screenplay want so desper to convey . 
the bad of patch adam is stupefi . 
it 's confound . 
i ca n't believ a film can be thi bad . 
and yet , it 's base on a real man who probabl ha a good point to make . 
in the film , patch is play by the undefeat and indefatig robin william , in a perform of such insult patho and sledgehamm sympathi that i wonder now if he is even human . 
in the begin of the film , patch commit himself to a mental institut becaus he doe n't want to kill himself . 
while there , he notic that the doctor do n't care about the patient , and that the best way to get through to the patient is to treat them like human be . 
so , patch goe on a crusad to be a great doctor who actual talk to hi patient . 
he goe to medic school , where he meet truman ( daniel london ) and convinc him that it 's good to help peopl . 
he also meet carin fischer ( monica potter ) , the anti-mal med student who just want to go through the motion and be a success doctor . 
natur , the dean of the medic school ( bob gunton ) hate patch , and want to thwart hi plan , even though patch get the highest score on all of hi exam . 
so patch decid that he 's go to build a free clinic in the middl of nowher to help peopl with ani problem they may have . 
and that , my friend , is the synopsi for what is easili the most abhorr pictur of 1998 . 
on a superfici level , the film is not particularli bad : i would n't say the cinematographi bother me , and most of the perform seem to be exactli what shadyac wa aim for ( i actual like potter 's perform , even if she is wast ) . 
but the film fail fundament in execut . 
everi scene swell with grand , `` emot `` music , play at maximum volum just to get us all to cri real hard . 
take , for instanc , the first scene , which show patch sit on a bu . 
we do n't know patch yet , but there 's sad music , and it 's suppos to make us realli sad that he 's sad . 
later on , patch make a lot of progress : he help a die patient ( peter coyot ) to enjoy the last day of hi life , and the music as patch is push the patient recklessli through the hall of the hospit is veri live . 
and when that patient final die ( spoiler alert ! ) , the music is veri veri sad . 
but the problem with all of thi is that the music should not be the center of the emot . 
real drama is character-bas . 
you grow to like someon , and then someth bad happen , and you feel it . 
we do n't ever grow to know the die patient ; he 's simpli a vehicl for patch 's great . 
real drama doe n't seem forc , or present just to make the audienc cri . 
that 's whi patch adam is not real drama . 
it goe for everi cheap tear imagin , wring tire and overbear sentiment out of everi scene . 
even scene that have veri littl impact on the overal film are drown in marc shaiman 's sicken music score . 
sentiment like thi is inde bad . 
but it 's not as bad as half-bak , simplist theme . 
you see , patch is a realli great student . 
he ace hi test without studi , and doe it so effect that peopl think he 's cheat . 
but patch doe n't think that memor fact is the way to becom a good doctor . 
`` whi do n't we see patient until the third year ? `` he burst out everi three second . 
well , patch , that might have someth to do with the fact that you need to learn someth befor you go treat patient . 
not everyon ha the capabl of memor fact with no effort . 
most of us have to studi . 
and a doctor who realli want to help , but doe n't know a toe from a finger , probabl wo n't be too success in prevent death . 
oh wait , i almost forgot : the point of doctor is not just to `` prevent death , `` but to `` improv the qualiti of life ! `` 
ye ! 
that is true ! 
and you can not do that without studi . 
you can not do that without go to medic school . 
what patch never seem to understand wa the possibl that mayb , just mayb , it is a good idea to studi first and talk to patient later . 
follow the rule ? 
bah ! 
who need the rule ! 
onli uptight doctor follow the rule . 
the real savior are the one run around the hospit with big red sphere on their face and sport baggi yellow pant . 
and then there 's the free clinic issu , which i find shockingli , frighteningli idealist . 
a free clinic . 
in the middl of the forest . 
where patient can be taken to be help . 
for free . 
how will patient be transport to the free clinic ? 
will it have an emerg room ? 
or is it just for mental patient ? 
and who , may i ask , will pay for it ? 
the film doe give some token attempt to question patch 's motiv ( i think anoth charact ask him how he 's go to pay for it , in addit to a littl bit of meaningless blather about hmo and medic insur ) , but they certainli do n't explor or challeng patch 's idea to ani meaning extent . 
reader , pleas understand thi : i am not make ani kind of judgment on the real patch adam . 
i know noth about him . 
if hi belief mirror those of thi film charact , then i might like to have an intellig discuss with him about them . 
but regardless of what the real patch adam believ , the theme put forth in thi film are simplist and phoni . 
and in the last scene , the big , obligatori courtroom scene that forc my lunch halfway up my esophagu , patch doe a lot of shout . 
actual , robin william doe a lot of shout . 
he shout a lot about help peopl , and a lot of peopl cri becaus they are move by hi word . 
i wo n't tell you that you ca n't be move by hi word , becaus i , too , wa move by hi word . 
i wa move in such a profoundli neg way that i wa remind of how cheap and phoni a cinemat experi can be . 
patch adam is the cheapest of them all . 
