miramax `` disinvit `` on-lin media from press screen of scream 3 . 
they ostens fear that folk like me would write spoiler-fil review and post them prior to the film 's februari 4th releas date-unsound reason . 
you see , 'net critic establish enough to be on ani sort of vip list are professionals-miramax sure know the differ between a member of the on-lin film critic societi ( ofc ) and the type of fanboy who post spi report at ai n't it cool news . 
no , the ? mini major ' wa afraid we 'd let a bigger cat out of the bag than whodunit , that scream 3 is a dismal conclus to the belov ( by thi writer , at least ) franchis . 
someth smell rotten in the state of california right from the get-go : cotton weari ( liev schrieber ) , the former lover and would-b killer of maureen prescott , sidney 's mother , is juggl phone call in hi luxuri car . 
( onc consid a danger to societi , weari now host hi own talk show , `` 100 % cotton `` , a clever , if date , jab at american pop cultur . ) 
of cours , a new ghostfac dial him up , and , with memori of scream 's unbear suspens prologu in mind , we immedi wonder , where is the killer ? 
the backseat ? 
the next car ? 
thrill prospect , to be sure , but actual , ghostfac is at the weari resid , wait for cotton 's girlfriend ( kelli rutheford ) to finish shower . 
what 's miss from thi sequenc , and inde scream 3 's remain fright ( most disappointingli , the moment when an ingenu is forc to hide in a wardrob room fill with ghostfac costum , one of which might spring to life ) , is an elabor and attenu payoff . 
our other surviv regular have becom estrang . 
sidney ( campbel ) is live a paranoid exist of electron gate and password-protect lock , while dewey ( arquett ) act as technic advisor on the second sequel to scream 2 's movie-within-a-movi , `` stab 3 `` , and gale weather ( cox arquett ) headlin a gossipi news program . 
murder reunit them , as knife-wield ghostfac stalk the set of `` stab 3 `` , imit it sadist screenplay-and his/her/their own person draft climax with sidney 's death . 
the appeal of ghostfac 's villaini is that he/she/they could be your boyfriend , your classmat , your next door neighbour . . . or a combin of peopl . 
scream wa the first of it kind : a slasher mysteri , with the guess game not onli entail who will be next , but also who is/ar the perpetr ( s ) and what is/ar his/her/their motiv . 
iron self-reflect asid , part one and two stand out in a crowd that includ umpteen friday the 13th and halloween flick becaus there 's at last articul human be behind the icon costum . 
with scream 3 , the novelti of ghostfac 's ever-mut ident ha worn off some , but the charact remain conceptu potent . 
conceptu . the execut of ghostfac 's master plan thi time around is creaki , becaus screenwrit ehren kruger ha invent a new mytholog for the world of sidney prescott far afield from what we 'd come to understand in scream and scream 2 . the movi get in the silli habit of say `` all bet are off ! `` 
in refer to the `` rule `` of a trilog 's third act , but there 's a differ between rule break and cheat . 
with the departur of kevin williamson , who author the previou scream as well as a tidi outlin for scream 3 ( that , for reason incomprehens to me , wa ignor , save the notion of `` stab 3 `` ) , kruger need to be rein in tighter , and by we craven . 
craven 's direct of scream 3 is lazi in most respect . 
how els to explain the jay and silent bob cameo ( the slacker duo of kevin smith movi ) , akin to see mickey mous pop up in mulan and more distract than funni . 
it pain me to write thi , but scream 3 's comedi is gener laughless , with the except of well-tim perform by josh pai ( as a polic detect possess of the same person he had as a persnicketi teacher in craven 's music of the heart ) , jami kennedi ( resurrect film geek randi for the sendoff he wa deni in scream 2 ) , and parker posey ( through sheer forc of will as a b-actress ) . 
the visual are much weaker in part three , as well-th occasion sweep gestur of peter deme 's camera is a pale imit of the stalk steadicam craven gave us twice befor . 
( asid : in the wake of columbin , craven tone down the violenc significantli for scream 3-whi the sanctimoni , when scream and scream 2 are still readili avail on video store shelv ? ) 
final , marco beltrami 's music cue the suspens too blatantly-do you recal the tens chase at the colleg radio station in scream 2 ? it 's mostli silent . 
sting note are a whole lot more effect if they spring from nowher ; here , they act as the crescendo of an incessantli nerve-jangl score . 
i look at scream 3 as come from an altern univers , the same place that birth the godfath part iii and superman iii-wo out of synch with it prequel , scream 3 is a nightmar instead of nightmarish , and will like put the horror genr back in mothbal . 
the film unintent follow the unspoken rule of a trilog to a t : ? part three must disappoint ' . 
