where do i begin ? 
okay , how about with thi : starship trooper is one of the worst movi to hit theater in a long time . 
in fact , it might even be the worst * major * releas film to come out in year . . . 
or even a decad . 
thi is bad beyond belief . 
i would * not * suggest pay money to see thi . 
there 's a good chanc you 'll regret it . 
if you see it for free , you could still want to walk out . 
go right ahead . 
the movi start off with cheesi 90210 scene set in the futur world of . . . bueno air . 
here we meet the group of horrend bad actor and actress play obnoxi , easy-to- * despis * -with-a-pass charact that have love triangl , love rectangl , and love hexagon screw up their life . 
befor long they all go off and join the militari , primarili in the interest of have sex with the other youngster that join . 
they train . 
they strut around nude for no reason whatsoev . 
after an hour of make the audienc scream in agoni , they start fight bug . 
the big bug look nice , even though their design is onli `` okay . `` 
unfortun , the fight are bore sinc we * want * all of the charact dead anyway . 
cue more agoni . 
then some charact have sex . 
then some more die . 
* * * who care ? ? ? * * * 
cue more agoni . 
the movi end , the audienc run out to their car , vomit over the pavement , and attempt to drive home . 
unfortun , after that tortur , they ca n't think straight , do n't pay attent to the road , and mani are in ugli car wreck . 
you rememb how batman & robin wa bad ? 
well , batman & robin kick thi movi 's sorri butt , peopl . 
starship trooper doe not succeed as an action movi . 
it doe not succeed as a drama . 
it doe not succeed as a war movi . 
it doe not succeed as a comedi . 
it doe not succeed as a satir . 
it doe not succeed as a parodi . 
it succe as be horribl . 
terribl . 
gut-wrenchingli bad . 
i want to run away from that movi everi minut . 
but i paid my money and i owe it to other to see if the movi got ani better . 
so i stay . 
it never got better . 
frequent , it did the imposs , and got * wors * . 
the movi as written , act , direct , and basic just feel as a whole like it 's about on the mental matur level of a free willi 4 . the whole thing feel like a movi that onli three-year-old could enjoy . . . 
except for the ridicul gratuit blood and gore , and pointless nuditi . 
it 's written for littl children , but children should definit * not * go anywher near it . 
of cours , i recommend the same for everyon . 
do n't go anywher near it . 
verhoeven 's got a streak go now . 
hi last movi wa showgirl . 
he seem to be tri to see how bad hi movi can get befor peopl final stop come . 
showgirl wa a failur , but it appear that , though it 'll be lucki to make near it budget , thi movi will still do okay gross-wis . 
is it realli * all * bad ? 
well , no . 
trooper ha about four or five line of dialouge/short humor scene that are actual funni , mostli from the `` do you want to know more ? `` 
commerci that pop up throughout the stori , promot the joy of the join the trooper . 
so that add up to about 30 second of entertain and still about one hour , 59 minut , and 30 second of miser tortur . 
i 'm total confus as to the way that some peopl are realli enjoy thi movi . 
but i do admit it . 
so , if you 're will to possibl put yourself through tortur , go ahead and see it , and decid for yourself if you love it or hate it . 
i do n't know how anyon or ani * thing * could love thi movi , but hey , to each hi own . 
feel free to give it a shot . 
of cours , in the interest of save your soul , i do n't recommend it . 
but guess what ? 
alien resurrect come out novemb 26th , and , have alreadi seen some of it and have read the script , i assur you that it will blow pretti much everyon away . 
though opinion on starship trooper is reason split , it 'll be difficult to find someon that * wo n't * like alien resurrect when they 've seen it . 
thi is possibl the year 's best intens action film , or at least * one * of the best . 
if you realli want to see alien warfar that 's play out intellig and serious , see alien resurrect . 
pleas , avoid thi . 
