movi about teenag and teenag cultur rare prove to be either interest , entertain or convinc , becaus of one fundament reason : movi are made by adult and not teenag . 
occasion , howev , film like say anyth , daze and confus and the breakfast club will break the mold and offer genuin insight into the live of those bizarr creatur which surround us call `` teenag . `` 
ca n't hardli wait , howev , doe not . 
instead , the writing/direct team of harri elfont and deborah kaplan manag to take everi clich ? found in the teenag genr , strip it complet of percept , intellig and wit - and turn it into one of the most nauseat cinemat experi i have ever been subject to . 
ca n't hardli wait follow a group of charact as they attend a hous parti on the night of their high school graduat . 
the main charact are such perfect stereotyp that no analysi need to be provid to perfectli understand them : there 's the averag male protagonist preston ( ethan embri ) , prom queen and cheerlead amanda ( jennif love-hewitt ) , footbal star mike ( peter facinelli ) , white rapper wannab kenni ( seth green ) , comput geek william ( charli korsmo ) , and braini outsid denis ( lauren ambros ) . 
i could n't stand ani of those charact . 
whether it wa william get drunk and sign along to heavi metal song or kenni proclaim `` yo , i got ta have sex tonight ! `` , 
all i could think of wa how elfont and kaplan possibl manag to con columbia pictur out of ten million dollar to fund their film . 
appar , ca n't hardli wait is suppos to be a comedi , but it tend to fail in thi respect becaus of the fact that it 's not funni . 
in all honesti , elfont and kaplan should be forc by their employ to attend remedi class in humour . 
and when i say `` forc `` , i mean it . 
they should be strap down to a chair and have their eye wedg open in a similar fashion to alex in a clockwork orang . 
thi is how desper they need to be educ about the concept of humour . 
for instanc , ca n't hardli wait featur a foreign exchang student who is instruct to repeat absurd statement such as `` i am a sex machin . `` 
for some reason , elfont and kaplan believ that if thi charact repeat it enough , eventu it will be funni . 
if onli elfont and kaplan could recognis the ironi that they actual got paid for make thi junk - now that 's funni . 
