the u . s . armi util a number of book known as field manual which stipul the specif way in which almost everi action imagin must be done . 
one particular field manual is known as the fm 22-5 , which among other thing , cover the practic of salut . 
under the `` salut `` section is a sub-sect which cover how a salut is render by a militari work detail in the presenc of a superior offic . 
the salut is render by the highest-rank individu present when the superior offic come within six pace of the detail , and is drop when the offic pass six pace from the detail . 
in ani event , the salut is render onli by the man ( or woman ) in charg , rather than by the whole group . 
almost at the veri begin of the gener 's daughter , we see a gener 's motorcad pass a work detail . 
everyon salut . 
it look impress , but it just wa n't right . 
that littl bit show me that someon either did n't do the appropri research , or made the consciou decis to go with style over substanc for the scene . 
in fact , thi would serv as a metaphor for the rest of the pictur , as it seem director simon west tri so hard to craft a film with atmospher and flash that he forgot a coher stori and good character are also crucial to a good movi . 
what result is a film that look good , but like that one scene , just is n't right . 
the first fifteen minut of the film is a good exampl . 
paul brenner ( john travolta ) is an agent for the armi 's crimin investig divis , undercov at a georgia armi base to investig an illeg arm sale . 
prior to the transact , the buyer get a whiff that brenner is n't the unscrupul suppli sergeant he 's suppos to be , and later that night attempt to kill him by shoot up the houseboat on which brenner is live . 
so ensu a cat and mous action sequenc which end like a certain scene in raider of the lost ark ( we 'll just say that it involv propel ) . 
brenner then receiv new order when the command gener 's daughter , captain elisabeth campbel ( lesli stefanson ) , is found nake , bound , and dead on one of the base 's train rang . 
he is team with rape investig sarah sunhil ( madelein stow ) to uncov the truth about the peculiarli gruesom murder . 
what i want to know is whi the whole action scene with the arm buyer wa even necessari . 
it give no insight into brenner , other than the fact that he 's a littl cocki . 
doe the arm subplot turn up later ? 
no , so whi add thi extra run time to the film ? 
the answer : it look cool . 
or how about the `` atmospher `` ? 
the begin of the gener 's daughter present us with imageri of the deep south - thick tree , dirt road , sultri color over water - all back up with bayouesqu music . 
nice immers in the set , but it soon doe n't matter , for when the film 's plot shift over to the murder investig , so doe the entir mood . 
no attent is paid to the locat of the stori , and the music is alter to fit a veri gener thriller theme . 
did the filmmak start out think they were make a differ movi ? 
instead of creat a cohes atmospher theme for the entir film , we get the distract of one of theme follow by anoth , just becaus the director thought he should show off some of the countrysid . 
the abov exampl also serv to illustr that inconsist is anoth problem with thi movi . 
as i 've alreadi mention , an entir section of the film doe n't jibe with the rest , and the character onli add to the difficulti . 
brenner , who come across as a man with littl respect for author , suddenli snap to in the presenc of gener campbel ( jame cromwel ) and utter some of the corniest `` ye , sir `` s i 've ever heard . 
he even deliv an emotion-charg monologu about whi he will work so hard to catch the person who kill the gener 's daughter , even though he wa total flippant about the whole thing just a coupl of minut previou . 
sunhil , who initi come across as a profession investig , util a coupl of blatantli illeg method to obtain inform , and even revel in her ingenu . 
both charact are protagonist , but it 's hard to get behind them when their person are all over the place , and in some case , simpli unapp . 
i could imagin that dure film , west would shoot a scene , then take the actor asid and tell them , `` let 's do it again , but thi time , i want more . `` 
i say thi becaus although travolta and stow are normal veri good , in thi film they overact in most of their scene . 
an even wors offend is clarenc william iii as the gener 's aid , colonel fowler . 
i swear the guy say all of hi line from the posit of attent . 
a far cri from hi day as linc in `` the mod squad `` , i ca n't help but think he wa act from west 's direct . 
a coupl of side charact includ a west point psychologist ( john beasli ) and a young femal privat ( ariyan a . johnson ) make their scene nearli imposs to bear . 
the onli two actor who seem to have escap west 's influenc are jame wood , who provid a good perform as colonel moor , elisabeth 's mentor at the psycholog oper unit , and timothi hutton as colonel kent of the militari polic . 
wood relish the role of a man whose job is play with peopl 's mind , and doe so without ever take it over the top . 
hutton just kind of hang around , but at least he wa n't overact . 
i have n't read the nelson demil novel on which thi movi wa base , but i 'll bet more than a few dollar that the stori wa better in book form . 
the movi version ha got charact which come and go with littl or noth to do except fill up space , or provid bit of inform which seem to neither mean anyth in term of advanc the stori nor reveal ani signific onc the whole stori is finish . 
everi time we 're present with some new aspect to the case , west give us more of that flash by play it up like it 's the most moment discoveri ever , but the inform is not use by the investig at all . 
instead , when conclus are drawn , they are such tremend leap of faith that you wonder if success investig are not base on fact , but lucki guess instead . 
the armi should have save time by bring in brennan and sunhil , let them play a game of twenti question with the suspect , then let them guess who the killer wa . 
would 've been over in a half hour . 
the film finish with a sort of bookend , featur the same style and southern sceneri as the veri begin . 
liter dure the close credit , we get to see brennan get in hi car and drive off , then we get to see sunhil get in her car and drive off . 
they both seem kind of happi . 
mayb they were drive away from simon west . 
