even though i have the utmost respect for richard dreyfuss as an actor , hi presenc in a motion pictur doe not guarante ani particular level of qualiti . 
like everyon els , dreyfuss ha bill to pay , so he occasion accept big paycheck for promin role in bad movi . 
consequ , while hi career highlight includ jaw , close encount of the third kind , stakeout , and tin men , hi resum is dot with titl like moon over parador , let it ride , and now krippendorf 's tribe . 
let me start out by say that krippendorf 's tribe is occasion funni ( although never riotous so ) , but that 's about it onli asset . 
the best word to describ thi film is `` asinin . `` 
the target audienc would appear to be recent nurseri school graduat if not for the numer sexual innuendo , which are aim at someon go through puberti . 
krippendorf 's tribe tri to be a zani , off-the-wal comedi , but the film maker have forgotten three import rule . 
the first is that some minim level of plot credibl ha to exist . 
the second is that viewer should be abl to identifi with , or at least care about , a charact or two . 
final , and most importantli , more than 5 % of the joke have to work . 
onc upon a time , jame krippendorf ( dreyfuss ) wa a respect professor of anthropolog at littl bounderbi colleg . 
he and hi wife obtain a grant to seek out a `` lost tribe `` somewher in the wild of new guinea , a goal which they never accomplish . 
shortli after their return from the fail trip , krippendorf 's wife die and he wa left with the herculean task of rais three children -- shelli ( natasha lyonn ) , mickey ( gregori smith ) , and edmund ( carl michael linder ) -- on hi own . 
now , over a year later , the colleg want to see the result of the money they gave krippendorf ( which he ha spent not on research , but on thing for hi famili ) , so they send a new member of their faculti , professor veronica micelli ( jenna elfman ) , to inform him that he ha been schedul to give a lectur on hi find . 
when he arriv at the colleg for the moment event , rather than tell the truth and risk be sent to jail for misappropri school fund , he fabric a tale about a mythic lost tribe , the `` shelmikedmu `` . 
to provid video footag , he film hi children dress in nativ garb . 
soon , much to krippendorf 's surpris , the shelmikedmu are a nation phenomenon . 
but one disaffect professor ( lili tomlin ) is determin to prove that the tribe is a fraud . 
the onli way krippendorf 's tribe work is if you assum that all of the charact ( not to mention the viewer ) are dumber than dirt . 
unfortun , it 's imposs to like or sympath with a bunch of putz like thi . 
director todd holland complet fail to develop ani charact into someth more substanti than a devic to implement variou dubiou gag . 
meanwhil , attempt at satir the shallow of american cultur ( i . e . , how easili the public can be fool into jump on the bandwagon of the latest trend ) come across as feebl and deriv . 
the act in underwhelm . 
dreyfuss ha definit not given hi `` all `` to the role of jame krippendorf . 
alongsid him , jenna elfman , the spunki co-star of tv 's dharma and greg , radiat perki and littl els . 
thi qualiti , while fine for a 22-minut televis program , quickli becom irrit in the arena of a feature-length movi . 
no one in the support cast -- lili tomlin , david ogden stier , natasha lyonn ( woodi allen 's daughter in everyon say i love you ) -- excel . 
i know that a movi 's in troubl when it 's half the length of titan , but seem much longer . 
most of what come on screen is gener sit-com level materi -- the kind of slop that peopl will absorb while doze off in their favorit easi chair in front of the televis set . 
if there 's ani upsid , it 's that i do n't see much box-offic support develop for thi lame , ill-market miscu . 
krippendorf 's tribe will quickli becom extinct . 
