i do n't appreci it when a thriller manipul the viewer into think the plot is interest , when in fact it 's ludicr . 
in the case of the gener 's daughter , the plot is more than capabl of intrigu you to a certain point . 
but at thi junctur in the stori , the movi begin to fall apart like a crumbl cooki . 
thi predict summer thriller is onli sporad involv , and that is unfortun not enough to compens for all of it 's detail flaw . 
get past one moment earli on where john travolta exercis hi southern accent , and you 're like to surviv thi entir movi . 
travolta play crimin investig divis offic paul brenner , who 's work undercov at a militari base when anoth situat aris : the appar rape and murder of a young femal offic ( lesli stefanson ) . 
it turn out that the victim is the daughter of gener joe campbel ( jame cromwel ) . 
let the investig begin . 
with the assist of fellow cid investig sarah sunhil ( play rather on-the-sidelin by madelein stow ) , brenner uncov what appear to be an intric and bizarr homicid case . 
thing begin to get margin engross when we meet colonel moor ( jame wood ) , a former command offic of the deceas who ha a few secret up hi sleev . 
wood submit anoth scene-st perform here as he ooz author , surround by cloud of smoke emit from hi cigar . 
with echo of hi support role in true crime , in which he duke it out with clint eastwood in enjoy profan verbal exchang , he make everi moment believ . 
here though , the intens dialogu come care of confront with travolta , as the two send mind , know glare across the room . 
there are mani scene such as thi in the gener 's daughter , in which the veteran cast perform splendidli under pressur , but the circumst that tie these meet togeth are difficult to absorb . 
director simon west ( con air ) , show a watch eye of deliv a stylish look thriller , but he fail miser when it come to the intellectu part of it . 
the gener 's daughter is , more often than not , a predict and unexcit mess . 
it doe not help matter that the plot is virtual actionless , drag it 's heel all the way at a mind-numb snail pace . 
a few brief action scene , marvel handl in the edit depart , show that the movi could have deliv such a more profici packag . 
from a director who doe such a great job of stage explos and miracul stunt , i suggest west should stick with mindless , rip-roar action featur and attempt to avoid futur project like thi . 
still , the movi is certainli not without it 's merit . 
the act is veri good from the major of the experienc cast . 
the perform rang from command ( travolta ) to electr ( wood ) to stiff-as-a-board ( cromwel , who doe n't show off hi real talent here ) . 
madelein stow manag to hold her own for a while , but as the femal lead in an action-thril , she doe n't pull through suffici . 
one of the problem with the execut is that it 's veri predict . 
> from minut one , i had few doubt about the ident of the killer in question . 
the script even unwillingli point him out for us , use familiar techniqu to hide hi guilt until the unmask toward the end . 
in all fair , we 've seen mani of the devic use in the gener 's daughter put to greater effect in other film . 
the secret behind the girl 's mysteri death are explain gradual , but by the resolut we have tunnel through so much malarkey that it feel unnecessari and surprisingli silli . 
the gener 's daughter is not a terribl movi , and it is involv enough to sustain a viewer 's attent span for a certain period of time . 
but it just could have been so much better . 
