the best thing -- in fact , the onli good thing -- i can say about dark citi is that it made me want to go see l . a . confidenti again . 
or go rent bodi heat , to see william hurt do some real noir . 
or even -- god help me -- palmetto . 
alex proya 's new movi scream atmospher . 
i scream , too , `` get me out of thi theater ! `` 
new line cinema spent million of dollar creat the expressionist film noir visual and pay the actor , and doe n't have ani way to get it back . 
i paid $ 4 . 25 for a matine screen and do n't have ani way to get my money back , either . 
you 'll hear a lot from other critic about the look and feel of thi movi . 
i will admit that the cinematograph and costum design and set artist and cgi graphic geek all work hard to creat a stun , nightmarish futur world where it 's alway a late night in 1948 , complet with rotari phone and automat and fedora . 
i 've got news for you fellow -- i do n't care how hard you work , or how visual stun thi movi look -- you wast your time and mine , work on a movi without a plot , without a clear sens of direct of where it want to go , without a soul or a reason to care . 
the movi start out oh-so-promis . 
john murdoch ( rufu sewel ) is lie in a bathtub in the sort of seedi hotel that in real life , would have been board up long ago . 
there is a dead , mutil prostitut in the other room -- a surpris , as he ha lost hi memori . 
the phone ring : it 's a sinister-sound man , claim to be hi doctor , tell him to flee for hi life . 
all well and good , right ? 
wrong . 
appar , someon decid that the audienc wa just a bit too dim to figur out the intricaci of the plot . 
( thi is get to be a popular assumpt in hollywood . ) 
so , the actual begin of the movi is not sewel run for hi life , rather , it 's a voice-ov narrat by the aforement doctor ( keifer sutherland ) explain exactli what is go on and who is respons . 
it 's as though sam the piano player had told us that rick and ilsa had been get it on in pari in the first three minut of casablanca . 
no , wait , that 's not fair to casablanca . 
it 's more like watch a new plotlin at the first of the show -- or if you want to know how i realli feel , have an off-screen narrat explain that gilligan wo n't be get off the island in thi episod . 
> from here , the coher of the plot goe down faster than ( insert monica lewinski joke here ) . 
the charact just wander around the citi aimlessli and bump into each other for no appar reason , and that 's what move the plot . 
what we 're left with is a string of unansw question that do n't make ani sens . 
we 're given alien with unlimit omnipot power , yet they forget to use them at critic moment and get themselv kill . 
we 're given a hero who can `` tune `` into these same power , yet he onli use them when it 's conveni to the plot . 
we 're given a whole long list of loos end that go nowher 
usual , critic will say that an actor play an underwritten part `` is n't given much to do . `` 
in thi movi , no one is given anyth to do . 
sewel is given the imposs role of a man who doe n't rememb anyth , and play it like . . . 
um . . . 
a man who doe n't rememb anyth . 
the alien are tall , pasty-fac , and bald , and wear long black cloak and fedora to remind us that they 're evil -- and there 's a child alien as well , straight out of an ann rice novel . 
sutherland is saddl with a limp , a twitchi eye , and a breathi accent to remind us that he 's in leagu with the alien . 
to it credit , dark citi boast two impress bit of cast . 
william hurt is perfectli cast as the world-weari inspector charg with catch the man who is murder prostitut all over the citi . 
jennif connelli , play sewel 's love interest , is given two all-too-brief moment on screen as a loung singer -- and turn in the sexiest performac thi side of jessica rabbit . 
but instead of the dog policeman and the femm fatal given central treatment in the script ( the way they would be in ani self-respect noir movi ) they 're almost tangienti to the plot , such as it is . 
the problem with dark citi is thi : it 's a bad scienc fiction movi pretend to be film noir . 
the essenc of film noir is n't , as proya seem to beleiv , breathi dialogu or snap-brim fedora or tall , bald evil villain who would make peter lorr curl up in a corner . 
dark citi ha not one bit of intrigu , moral ambigu , suspens , or anyth els that keep us come back to the noir classic . 
dark citi is like the intric carv door that kate winslet float on in titan . 
it 's an exceptionlli well-mad and intric design piec of flotsam , sail around and around the middl of the ocean , go nowher . 
