synopsi : easily-ang , chainsmok architect david encount hi homicid first wife diedr five year after their divorc . 
diedr easili con david 's not-so-bright new wife molli into believ she 's a child psychologist so that she can influenc molli and david 's quick-temp son , michael . 
diedr , at the same time , murder a bunch of peopl . 
comment : the ex is a veri bad movi . 
i have n't seen a turkey of thi magnitud in quit a while . 
i kept vacil , howev , between give the ex one star for it sheer aw and three star for it campi humor ( ultim , i decid to split the differ and give it two star ) . 
as summar briefli in the synopsi , thi is yet anoth spurned-psycho-lover-gets-her-reveng type movi . 
i 'm not sure how mani film have been produc sinc fatal attract which use thi tire storylin , but it seem like 10 , 000 , 000 , 000 . 
the ex , howev , though follow mani of the standard clich of thi thriller subgenr , differ slightli from the norm in that , at least , it doe n't take itself too serious like so mani other dud do ( malici and stalk are two exampl which come to mind ) . 
those involv in the movi realiz they 're in a turkey , appar , and turn in hammi perform which compliment the ludicr dialogu contain within the script . 
the ex 's storylin , as i said , incorpor mani clich predomin in film of it natur ; howev , the plot is so overwrought and unbeliev that , after a while , the viewer must accept that logic doe not oper in the realm of the movi . 
diedr , david 's first wife , kill and kill and kill , for exampl , without ever have to worri about polic investig and the like ( it 's not as though she 's bright enough not to leav fingerprint at the scene of the crime ) . 
david and hi new wife molli have an incred difficult time understand whi michael , their son , ha emot problem , specif hi inabl to control hi anger . 
though david smoke like tomorrow will never come and blow up at peopl everi other minut in the movi , the connect between him and hi son is not made . 
molli is easili sway by diedr into believ she 's a child psychologist and allow the dement woman to spend time with her son . 
time and time again , thing do not add up in thi movi . 
if a viewer ca n't accept thi fact , then he will defin not like the ex . 
if , on the other hand , he can appreci the movi for it campi , then he 'll probabl like it much better . 
i do n't mean to necessarili suggest , howev , that the ex is a memor exercis in camp . 
even when view from an it's-so-bad-it's-good angl , thi movi is n't all that success . 
the ex doe have it moment , though , almost all of which involv yanci butler ( the psychot diedr ) and nick mancuso ( david ) . 
these two actor turn in decidedli hammi perform which , oftentim , elicit chuckl from the audienc . 
the truli aw line written for them help thi humor along . 
butler get the larger portion of bad dialogu ; everi time her charact kill someon , she ha a punchlin that 's unbeliev inan . 
when she murder a tenant of an apart she wish to use to spi on david , for exampl , diedr whack the elderli ladi with a crowbar and state `` i 'm so sorri , your leas is termin . `` 
or how about when diedr take out her therapist in anoth ridicul scene ? 
( diedr 's therapist wish to have her recommit , so she decid to visit diedr , alon , in her new apart -- never realiz , of cours , that it 's not her 's . 
therapist typic are cataton brain-dead in these movi ) . 
have success snuf the woman out , diedr look at the bodi and say : `` what wa it that you alway said to me at the end of each session , dr . jone ? 
oh , that 's right . 
' i 'm sorri , but your time is up ! ' `` 
thi is what pass for humor in the film . 
the audienc doe n't necessarili laugh but groan ( the type of groan that suggest the audienc ca n't believ they 're watch thi crap -- although watch it they are ) . 
nick mancuso 's chainsmok , nervous-wreck charact doe not have the cheesi line that butler 's charact deliv , but hi ridicul overdon perform provid for some better comic relief . 
in between drag off hi cigarett , for instanc , in one of the movi 's best scene , david tri to explain to hi lawyer what a creep hi ex-wif is . 
in exagger exasper , he nearli shout `` the woman is a cuckoo-bird ! `` 
( trust me , it is funni in context . ) 
and so , the movi continu until it pain obviou conclus . 
i wo n't reveal the end specif ( though anyon remot familiar with thriller of thi type could probabl guess the end just from thi film review ) , but i will say that the ex ha one of the biggest fire hazard appear recent in film . 
molli and david own a cabin that becom engulf by flame in approxim three second ! 
molli , at one point in the film , not-so-brilliantli observ , after discov diedr ha move into an apart across from her famili 's to spi upon them , that `` she 's crazi . `` 
you 'd be pretti crazi too if you 'd rent thi turkey . 
i 'd avoid it unless it 's on tv and you come across it . 
if you do , you may want to watch it , groan at the bad punchlin and stupid plot , and feel good that you did n't spend money rent it . 
