american pie 2 is fill with laugh . 
but they are mostli cheap one built primarili upon sexual degrad and adolesc humor more fit for a locker room than a movi theater . 
i 'm no prude and i admit to laugh along with everyon els at the preview screen to thi sequel to the 1999 hit comedi . 
but the laugh are built on discomfort and embarrass , not on ani intrins humor from within the stori itself . 
what separ american pie 2 from it predecessor is heart . 
of the origin , i note it wa `` a warm , pleasant outing about the travail of grow up . `` 
well , the quartet of chum - jim ( jason bigg ) , oz ( chri klein ) , kevin ( thoma ian nichola ) and finch ( eddi kay thoma ) - have grown up . 
at least they are a year older , but do n't seem ani wiser . 
fresh from their first year of colleg the quartet , along with the obnoxi stifler ( seann william scott ) , rent a summer hous by the lake in order to attract girl in an attempt to score . 
as usual noth goe right until the last reel . 
but what we are left with is five guy spend nearli two hour drool over variou young women . 
and american pie 2 is rather degrad to women . 
for the most part , they are not shown as individu . 
they are noth more than potenti recipi of over-act , rage hormon . 
it is tell that the most normal coupl , oz and heather ( mena suvari ) spend the bulk of the film tri to have phone sex - she 's oversea on an exchang student program . 
despit have been to colleg , jim is still klutzi and awkward , unsur of himself around the opposit sex . 
most of the pratfal and humili are heap upon him , includ a pain episod involv an instant glue-lik substanc . 
also uncomfort to watch is a sequenc involv three of the lad with two young women roommat , whom the boy suspect of be lesbian . 
it is offens and play upon outdat , adolesc stereotyp to gener laugh . 
the first film , despit some raunchi moment , had an innoc charm to it . 
the sequel is more cynic . 
it know what it predominantli male audienc member want and unabashedli give it to them : the mani mention of finch 's encount with stifler 's mom becom a tiresom run gag throughout as doe eugen levi 's return as jim 's well-mean , trying-to-be-hip dad . 
the onli perform who is actual given some new , fresh materi is alyson hannigan as michel , the band geek from the origin . 
in the sequel , she imbu her charact with vulner , wisdom and matur . 
american pie 2 is a pre-sold commod that will earn sever million at the box offic . 
it is a shame , though , that in it rush to rake in some buck screenwrit adam herz , who also pen the origin , could not have set hi sight higher . 
american pie 2 is funni , but it 's still a comedown as well as a letdown . 
