capsul : silli and inan adapt of gibson 's short stori , which is nowher in sight . 
gibson 's script onli add insult to injuri . 
johnni mnemon is an awesom bad movi . 
i say `` awesom `` becaus it 's one thing to fail , but anoth thing entir to fail so complet that even the chanc for camp valu are sabotag . 
keanur reev ( who is terribl ) star as johnni , an `` inform courier `` who can carri dozen of gigabyt of data in hi head . 
he is given `` one last job `` ( whenev you are in a movi and you hear those word , run ) , which involv him shove so much data into hi cranium that it could be lethal . 
one of the neater touch that the movi bring in is that the onli way he could make such an arrang work wa by ditch all of hi childhood memori , but it 's onli follow up on in a token fashion . 
for hi troubl , johnni get chase by the yakuza , who seem to be the new bad guy in all the high-tech thriller . 
what 's funni is that if you watch gangster movi made * in * japan , there are whole gob of detail about genuin yakuza behavior and ethic , but of cours there 's no room in thi movi for ani of that . 
the yakuza are simpli use to point gun , wave sword , flaunt tattoo , and grimac menacingli . 
( i could go on about how gangster and crimin of mani other ethnic have gotten thought examin in the movi -- bound by honor , sugar hill and american me come to mind -- when asian remain perpetu stereotyp . 
but that 's anoth essay . ) 
anyway , johnni run and eventu wind up in newark . 
whi newark ? 
mayb becaus it wa cheaper to fake a futur newark than a futur new york , that 's whi . 
there , he meet an assort of odd charact ( ice-t , dolph lundgren and henri rollin play a whole galleri of weirdo ) . 
the script deal with them with all the depth of piec of furnitur . 
it turn out ( what els ? ) that the data in johnni 's head could save a lot of peopl , but of cours johnni onli want it out of hi head so it doe n't kill him . 
handl right , thi could have been absorb , but the script manag to mangl ani chanc of real sympathi for johnni at everi opportun . 
the detail about the look and feel of the futur are all phone in from other , better movi -- blade runner and brazil come to mind . 
everyth look run-down and scummi , everyon dress like they 're punk rocker , and videophon are commonplac . 
snore . 
the onli realli interest flourish is an extend depict of the way the internet might work in the futur ( complet with vr goggl and feedback glove ) , but i kept think that it wa more like what some rel un-techn fellow would * think * it would look and behav like . 
a hacker of johnni 's calib would be blast away with one command-lin function after anoth , instead of wast all thi time twiddl with hologram , but of cours that 's not cinemat . 
whatev . 
what went wrong with thi movi ? 
gibson wrote hi own screenplay , which i guess is part of the problem : what work as a short stori doe n't work in a movi . 
hi ear for dialogu is terribl and the plot doe n't advanc , it convuls . 
from the script on out , it wa probabl all downhil . 
rent the movi to make fun of it is sort of pointless ; there 's no fun in kick a wound dog , is there ? 
