let 's get thi one over with as quickli as possibl . 
if there wa a possibl to receiv a refund , thi review would not be forthcom . 
but as it is , `` godzilla `` is without a doubt the loudest , longest , and ultim most amateurishli written film ever releas through a major studio . 
produc dean devlin and director roland emmerich should be asham of themselv , and as penanc be forc to return to film school to watch `` last year at merienbad `` until they can grasp the idea of content and plot . 
no amount of hype , no amount of money can hide the fact that these filmmak are the 90 equival to william beaudin ( billi the kid vs . 
dracula ) . 
`` godzilla `` open with stock footag of the bikini atol nuclear test interspers with footag of iguana play swim and nuzzl their egg . 
we are then introduc to the crew of a japanes fish canning ship ( a question enterpris consid that tuna process is suppos to be supervis to elimin the net of dolphin ) . 
well , the ship is attack and sunk by an unseen creatur . 
later , a group of frenchmen led by philipp roach ( jean reno ) interview the sole survivor . 
in a state of shock , the onli thing the man can utter is the word `` gojira `` ( the japanes name of the fame beast ) . 
we are then introduc to dr . nick tatopoulo ( matthew broderick , with a monik obvious taken from the effect design of the film ) . 
he is current studi the effect that the chernobyl disast ha had on the local earthworm popul . 
he is immedi draft by the u . s . militari and taken to panama where he is shown the huge footprint of a creatur . 
in a short amount of time , anoth fish boat ( load with can tuna from the u . s . and korea for some reason ) is found ground in jamaica . 
well , it seem that whatev is eat these ship is head for new york . 
when the beast final appear , he tear up one build , stomp a coupl of truck and make life hell for the incumb mayor ebert ( thumb up for new york ) . 
the militari , with dr . tatopoulo 's help , have two ton of fresh fish dump in the middl of new york to lure the beast out of it hide place in the new york subway system . 
it final come crash through the citi street and ha a cute face to face with dr . tatopoulo who snap the beast 's pictur . 
the monster eat the fish , the militari start shoot , and the chase is on , with the armi caus 90 % of the ensu damag . 
work from a hunch as to whi godzilla ha decid to come to the big appl , dr . totopoulo buy a few home pregnanc kit from a local drugstor that ha chosen to remain open ( even though new york ha been evacu ) . 
well the test prove that the monster is a hermaphrodit and is pregnant . 
needless to say , no one believ the good doctor about hi discoveri , so he must join up with the renegad french secret servic agent and find the monster 's nest site and destroy the egg befor the mayor start let the popul back into the citi ( even though the monster is n't dead yet ) . 
i sincer hope that i 've complet spoil ani interest anyon might have of see thi film . 
i gave away the relev plot so that i could spare those of you courag ( or foolish ) enough to drop down an hour 's wage on thi tripe . 
everyth about `` godzilla `` reek almost as bad as the pile of rot fish use to trap the beast . 
the script ( and let 's be clear here ) by devlin and emmerich is so full of plot hole and non charact as to be sure to be the recipi of next year `` razzi `` award . 
the dialogu between maria pitillo ( as audrey timmond , dr . tatopoulo ' estrang girlfriend ) and mr . broderick is so adolesc , it make teenag giggl in disbelief ( as happen dure the screen i wit ) . 
the film could be enjoy campi if it did n't take itself so damn serious . 
but to what end , as there is no commentari on human foibl against natur , nor is there ani refer about godzilla be some sort of retali against mankind . 
no . godzilla is just a big dummi that got knock up by some french immigr and decid to let the state of new york pay for it . 
the film is bleak and ugli look . 
take place at night dure a rain storm , the movi ha littl or no depth . 
everyth is ugli and dark . 
new york ha never look so inhospit sinc `` death wish `` . 
in an attempt to give the film some color , audrey timmond carri a bright red umbrella which is uniqu in that everyon els in the film carri the standard gray issu . 
the onli moment of composit and color is dure the brief scene on jamaica , where dr . tatopoulo find himself stand in a giant footprint . 
the scene is nice photograph but poorli set up . 
you know from the outset that nick is stand in a footprint . 
for a scientist , thi is veri poor observ . 
let 's look at some of the more interest plot hole in the film ( thi activ , is becom almost as popular as the kevin bacon game ) : 
1 . ) whi doe the french nuclear test onli affect one clutch of iguana egg , and how do those egg fuse into one beast ? 
2 . ) whi would a cold blood creatur choos a cold climat ( such as new york ) to nest ? 
i do n't think iguana 's have a habit of migrat . 
3 . ) how can godzilla crawl through the new york subway system , slice a submarin in half , yet be unabl to extric himself from some thin ( in comparison ) steel cabl on the brooklyn bridg ? 
4 . ) the brooklyn bridg is the onli suspens bridg in exist that doe not need it 's suspens cabl . 
5 . ) did godzilla carri all two hundr egg in her belli ? 
if so , then radioact mutat sure are wondrou creatur . 
( note : each egg is 10 feet tall and almost as wide . 
godzilla would have to be over 1 , 000 feet tall to carri them all ) . 
6 . ) godzilla can crush ship and eat helicopt , but new york cab are made of stronger steel . 
7 . ) godzilla can out maneuv helicopt , bullet , torpedo and missil , but ca n't catch you on foot . 
8 . ) taxi can out maneuv godzilla . 
9 . ) godzilla can burrow through the subway system but ca n't tear through the park avenu tunnel . 
10 . ) whi wa noth els mutat by the nuclear test as quickli as godzilla ? 
mayb a giant hermit crab in the sequel . 
11 . ) galapago iguana 's actual live in the french polynesian island ? 
12 . ) whi wa dr . tatopoulo brought in by the militari if they were not go to listen to him anyway ? 
13 . ) how did they evacu new york island in less than a day , and how did they convinc those new yorker to go to new jersey ? 
14 . ) new york televis station use vh tape for both film and broadcast . 
new yorker hate beta cam . 
i could go on and on , but that would onli serv to make the film seem more enjoy than it is . 
do n't be fool , thi film ha less gray matter than ani episod of `` america 's funniest home video `` . 
the perform in the film are singularli bland . 
not one perform belay ani awe or fear in the face of thi two hundr foot tall terror . 
the charact , in the midst of the onslaught , have time to stop and discuss the lack of good coffe , fail relationship , career choic . 
the onli common occurr that doe n't take place here is have one of the charact have a bowel movement , but then that would have made them believ . 
godzilla for the most part is okay . 
the design of the beast is funki , if not veri memor . 
one thing that come to mind -- the major redirect of godzilla in thi film is to remov hi most familiar trademark , name hi atom breath . 
now , i for one ca n't quit fathom how you can call thi monster godzilla without that littl trait . 
a good comparison would be to make a superman film and elimin hi abil to fli . 
there is so much wrong with thi film that i ca n't realli recal anyth recent that ha left me thi cold heart ( except for my divorc ) . 
ani film that can have a two ton lizard slip on gum ball ha got to be envis under the influenc of prozac . 
the addit of the babi raptor ( ah , i meant godzilla ) , are noth but a direct rip off of 'jurass park `` , but with none of that film 's suspens or tension . 
suffic to say that , `` godzilla `` is without a doubt the most brain dead motion pictur of the decad . 
thi is a film that need the hype . 
with the current level of write and direct , noth els about the film succe . 
if you 've seen the trailer , you 've seen the best part . 
my onli suggest for mr . d and mr . e . is that they could alway go back to sell shoe . 
. thi film could be the next `` rocki horror `` . 
onli it 's not funni ! 
