* * * the follow review contain some harsh languag . . . 
but what did you expect when you click on thi titl ? 
* * * 
cast : kristen holli smith , danica sheridan , alex bole , michael dotson , sonya hensley , janet krajeski , sabrina lu , dionysiu burbano , calvin grant , jeff b . harmon written and direct by : jeff b . harmon run time : 97 minut 
`` the thought of lose you make me all vomiti insid . `` 
-- - blatz balinski ( danica sheridan ) lament the fact that her lesbian lover , april ( kristen holli smith ) , ha just receiv a telegram from her ex-fianc . 
isl of lesbo is an incred offens music comedi about april pfferpot ( smith ) , a resid of the small town of bumfuck , arkansa who is about to get marri to high school sweetheart and footbal hero dick dickson ( michael dotson ) . 
when april get extrem cold feet she run home , stick a gun in her mouth , and pull the trigger . 
instead of kill herself , she is magic transport through her mirror into the isl of lesbo , an altern dimens where lesbian rule and no men are allow ( except for lanc , the homosexu toilet cleaner/slav ) . 
april love her new home and friend , but dick and her parent are not so readi to give her up . 
mr . and ms . pfferpot ( director jeff b . harmon and janet krajeski ) decid they need medic help so they enlist the aid of dr . sigmoid colon ( also jeff b . harmon ) , who claim he can cure homosexu . 
in actual , dr . colon is homosexu as well and begin hi special `` treatment `` on dick dickson ( unbeknownst to dick ) . 
when april turn down dick 's demand for her to return to bumfuck , he decid to take matter in hi own hand and attack the isl of lesbo rambo-styl . 
instead of level the place he fall in love with lanc ( alex bole ) and the two of them , along with april and her lover blatz , get marri . 
( note to the filmmak : whi did the charact of lanc make asid to the camera follow by silenc that i 'm assum wa insert for the purpos of wait until the laughter of the audienc had subsid ? ) 
april 's parent , feel like there is no recours , call in a favor to presid clinton and send a nuclear bomb ( whose circuitri inexplic is made up of a homosexu perform ) their way . 
the bomb is a dud thank to the work of the `` circuitri `` and they re-wir it and send it back to washington d . c . , destroy it . 
mr . and ms . pfferpot give up tri to get their daughter back and instead decid to join her as they have some altern sexual practic of their own . 
i 'm not sure if writer/director/co-star jeff b . harmon wa purpos tri to offend peopl becaus he believ in some of the idea hi movi present or if he wa just go for cheap laugh . 
either way , he manag to present some of the most offens materi i have ever seen in a movi . 
the film open with a preacher run a small african-american child out of town , and then later move on to the hang of a michael jackson imperson by the ku klux klan ( dure a jaunti music number ) , preced by remark about `` gay and straight final be abl to put their differ behind them and work togeth to hate other , such as the jew `` . 
if harmon wa mere tri to point out how idiot societi can be , then i apolog for be so harsh on element of hi film , but it is present so mean spiritedli that i ca n't help but feel like he had some seriou intent . 
as for the entir central theme of the movi , i 'm afraid that it 's one that i just do n't get . 
i tri to keep an open mind while watch it , but the homosexu element were just too preval for my tast . 
it wa hard enough to watch them bash other race and sex without them preach about the virtu of be homosexu and accept by societi . 
how doe one expect to be accept if they are just as guilti of non-accept ? 
i 'm not prone to judg anyon and i believ that peopl should be free to explor whatev avenu they wish free from the scorn eye of societi , but do n't forc your particular rhetor down my throat if you are n't go to show the same respect for my prefer that you wish from me . 
again , mayb i 'm miss the satir point that harmon is tri to make , but if so , i think it could have been handl a littl more tact . 
as far as music comedi go , isl of lesbo is no trey parker and matt stone music , but a good portion of the song are maddeningli catchi . 
despit the disturb visual , `` mom and appl pie `` stuck with me for the rest of the day . 
speak of disturb visual , `` wed bell ai n't ring `` could have been a decent song , but the accompani visual of spousal abus are more harrow than thi film should be display . 
`` i 'm a lesbian `` ( which is tout in the press releas as be particularli popular ) is also pretti good , but a good portion of that could be due to the stellar sing voic of ms . smith . 
it 's mainli on her excel vocal that my rate of thi film is base . 
the other perform are decent , save for the rosi o'donnel like perform given by danica sheridan . 
i have no inher problem with her charact ; it is just her sing voic that leav littl to be desir . 
one particular music number , `` lesbian rock `` , wa one of the lowest point i have ever experienc in my film-go life thank to a strain and lacklust vocal job by sheridan . 
the film end about twenti minut befor the credit actual roll . 
the remaind of the run time is pad out with a few more song ( `` lesbian rock `` includ ) and the ridicul present anti-nuk messag tack on to the end for no reason other than to make it a featur length film . 
onc the `` isl of lesbo repris `` wa reach , i felt the stori had alreadi been wrap up well enough to end it all . 
whi wa the film needlessli stretch out past it obviou end ? 
isl of lesbo is avail on videocassett from www . indie-underground . com . 
the transfer is pretti clean ( and all the detail of the wrinkl cloth and paint backdrop are readili appar ) and the film is letterbox at approxim 1 . 85 : 1 . 
in mani respect , isl of lesbo ha incred cult potenti ( like a rocki horror for the new millennium ) . 
thi film is by no mean my cup of tea , but i know there are those out there who will enjoy it . 
if you think it might be for you , then by all mean seek it out . 
i , on the other hand , will be cleans my palett with a good action film like gladiat . . . 
wait . are n't gladiat film consid to be . . . 
oh , never mind . 
