michael richard leav hi spot as kramer on the infam seinfeld tv sitcom for a stint as a lanki , goofi best friend to jeff daniel ' lawyer charact in thi ill-fat , and unfunni , `` comedi `` . 
plot : richard the actor ( richard ) ha to take the place of charl the lawyer ( daniel ) in a real court case , after charl is left unintellig from a night of heavi drink at hi bachelor parti . 
the film follow the antic of the two men as they tri to get away with their tomfooleri . 
critiqu : thi movi did not make me laugh onc . 
perhap it wa becaus i wa tire when i watch it . 
perhap . 
perhap it wa becaus i had seen richard perform most of the same schtick a thousand time on seinfeld . 
perhap . 
perhap it wa becaus the movi just wa n't funni . 
absolut . 
the lack of humour wa n't the onli issu that i had with thi film either . 
the movi attempt to weav a coupl of love stori through it vision , but unfortun , they are also lack in convict , believ and credibl . 
they are contriv and appear to be place into the stori for conveni sake . 
the actor were all adequ enough in their role , but the problem did n't lie in the act . 
i wish i could find one good reason for you to see thi wast of time , but i ca n't . 
unless of cours , you need someth play on your tv set while you wast some time around the hous . 
overal , thi movi stink . 
on the good side , charliz theron is darn cute , and the movi is no longer then 90 minut . 
on the bad side , thi movi is not funni , interest or enjoy in ani which way possibl . 
a person would n't even enjoy hi nacho while watch thi empti . 
pleas skip it . 
littl known fact : jonathan lynn earn a degre in law from cambridg befor becom an actor/director . 
charliz theron grew up on a farm outsid benoni , south africa , as the onli child . 
at the age of 18 her mother made her go to lo angel to tri a career in the movi industri . 
she came to la without know anyon in the citi but after two week when she wa stand in line on hollywood boulevard an agent gave her hi card . 
after eight month in la she got her first part . 
sinc then she ha taken act lesson and her career ha skyrocket , specif in devil 's advoc ( 8/10 ) . 
charliz wa narrowli beat out by elizabeth berkley for the lead role in the `` movi `` , showgirl . 
she wa quot as say `` it wa like i had some guardian angel . `` 
