cradl will rock is the latest effort from director/actor tim robbin . 
while he may have had an oscar worthi film back in 1995 ( dead man walk ) , he get a littl overconfid and sloppi here . 
the stori is confus , and fill with mani subplot , so i 'll tri my best and explain it as simpli as possibl . 
the film is base on a `` mostli `` true stori about a feder theater in the 1930 , that produc a play ( the cradl will rock ) that appar wa offens to some , so the govern shut it down . 
it 's dure the time of the depress , and all thi theater want to do is entertain and cheer up those who do not have job , or are poor . 
between thi conflict lie what seem like 10 subplot , about those who work in theater , or those associ . 
also along the way are some other messag mash togeth to creat an even more overwhelm experi . 
tim robbin 's just keep pile on polit view , and charact , that we just give up on the film , or in some case walk out . 
for robbin 's it may be a nice achiev , but to me it seem more like a friendli get togeth with slightli more sophist dialogu , and fanci outfit . 
i thought the main reason for see the film would be for the outstand cast , unfortun are all uninterest , except for a few . 
let me recap what each import charact doe , so pleas bear with me ( it 's the least you can do , especi if you were consid see thi ) . 
i 'll begin with those involv with the play . 
there 's orson well ( angu macfadyen ) who of cours is the director of the play , the produc john houseman ( cari elw ) , marc blitzstein ( hank azaria ) the writer of the play , emili watson , a woman who get her break by play the main part in cradl will rock . 
outsid the play there 's the : ventriloquist ( bill murray ) who want a relationship with a feder theater clerk ( joan cusack ) , anoth subplot involv a painter diego rivera ( ruben blade ) who 's unhappi that hi paint is too be destroy by nelson rockefel becaus he feel it to be an outrag ( john cusack ) . 
there 's a few other actress and actor who have their own stori ( susan sarandon , philip baker hall too name a few ) but those that i mention , were the most signific to the stori . 
anyway , most of these talent hollywood star were complet wast , except for emili watson , who doe anoth great job , and one of my person favorit actor john cusack , who alway deliv through thick and thin . 
now although most of the film wa weak to say the least , there were some nice moment and some involv subject , but all thi is overblown . 
sure the free speech segment wa a nice featur , but not when it becom repetit . 
the whole film is like thi , and it 's basic noth but a headach . 
on the brighter side , tim robbin 's direct wa master . 
hi camera direct seem reminisc to the work of paul thoma anderson 's latest magnolia , onli smoother in my opinion , but even that ca n't make a movi that much better . 
although it ha it 's moment ( not mani of them , but they 're there ) , cradl will rock stay true to it 's titl , becaus the cradl rock too far and tip over . 
