jacki chan kick hi way into van damm territori with twin dragon , an embarrassingli bland action comedi of mistaken ident . 
chan play separated-at-birth boomer and john ma , whose drastic differ path . . . 
aw , forget the plot descript , it 's not even worth the space . 
but let 's face it . 
no one goe to jacki chan movi for the plot anyway . 
the scene where noth happen in chan 's film have alway been littl more than glue thriftili spread to hold the action sequenc togeth . 
in the case of twin dragon , howev , the tiresom plot-driv scene fritter away so much of the movi that you almost want to shout ( at the risk of demean the artist valu of cinema ) , `` get to the good part alreadi ! `` 
most of the film is devot to show the brother ' effort to hide the other 's exist from their own acquaint . 
whi it is necessari to do thi is not satisfactorili explain , but neither are a lot of aspect of the plot . 
the twin ' love interest , demur club-sing barbara ( chan-film regular maggi cheung ) and lusti bride-hop tammi ( nina li chi ) , get disori in all the brouhaha , yet strang seem not to mind that they are not sure which brother they are in love with . 
the scene describ the boy ' bumbl antic get stretch so thin we stop care who chan is suppos to be in ani given shot ( in sever shot , in fact , even the make-up and hair peopl seem to forget which brother is which . ) . 
even chan 's so-corny-it's-funni humor is off-kilt in thi outing . 
some of the gag are so care innocu they 're annoy . 
a case in point : whenev anyon see the brother togeth , they fall to the ground in a dead faint . 
are we laugh yet ? 
as usual , the final showdown is the film 's jewel , a tour de forc display of chan ' s agil and grace . 
never mind that it 's not clear how the brother end up fight suit bad guy insid an automobil crash-test facil . 
it 's all good fun , but too littl too late . 
perhap chan 's next movi should just be a collect of the last fight sequenc of all of hi movi . 
they could call it jacki chan 's the final fight scene , and everybodi would go home happi . 
review april 14 , 1999 at loew theater white marsh , white marsh , md . 
