appar , when crap call , jim carrey answer . 
here he is , mug it up in countless unfunni way for the fifth time , hi second go-around in the role of pet detect ace ventura . 
that mean more talk ass-crack , peni joke and cri of `` al-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-lrighti then . `` 
it all add up to a sequel that make the origin resembl schindler 's list in term of dramat merit , or lack of . 
grant , there are a few laugh amid the constant barrag of pre-school humor , but anyon who appreci good comedi will bang their head against the wall ten time for everi minor chuckl . 
it 's a pain experi for anyon with a brain . 
ace is distraught after accident drop a racoon into a canyon ( in a parodi of the open scene of sylvest stallon 's cliffhang , jim carrey be the onli person who can make stallon look like a colleg professor in term of intellect , or lack of ) and decid to retir to the mountain of tibet to gain a higher level of conscious ( or , in hi case , a level of conscious ) . 
but he is pull out of retir to the tune of $ 20 , 000 to retriev a sacr white bat for an african tribe . 
whi africa ? 
so carrey can disguis himself nude insid a fake rhino and later climb out the rear end as a tourist famili watch ( `` look , the rhino 's about to give birth ! `` ) . 
if that seem like hee-haw humor to you , by all mean , see the movi . 
if not , claim your place in human civil with the rest of us . 
obvious , there are quit a few nonmemb of civil who made thi movi , like the first ace ventura film ( i use the word `` film `` onli becaus it wa film , not becaus there 's ani level of artist merit . ) , a huge success . 
in fact , carrey onli ha a career becaus of the declin of intellig in our cultur . 
you may say to me , `` but andrew , look at jerri lewi . 
he wa born with a neg i . q . 
and look how popular he wa thirti year ago . `` 
mayb , but i still say jerri lewi is a notch or two up on the comed ladder becaus he never actual did an impress in a movi of a rabid bulldog bite off a man 's testicl . . . 
lewi at least had the digniti to save that perform for when compani came over . 
