i wont even pretend that i have seen the other 3 alien film . 
i saw glimps of alien and alien and fragment of alien 3 , but i have by no mean actual sat down and watch ani of them . 
so take my opinion from an unbias and imparti perspect : alien resurrect is not worth the larg bag of lolli i wa munch into after a hard day work . 
i didnt just dislik it so much becaus the plot wa aw ; most of the act wa veri averag or the special effect got tiresom after 5 minut of pain view  but also the fact that everi tediou ingredi thrown in attempt to give thi pointless dribbl some mean . 
sigourney weaver , who role in alien earn her an academi award nomin , play the charact of ripley ,  who die fight against extraterrestri scum in alien 3 . 200 year later , scientists use a sampl of blood found at the site of her death to recreat ripley - includ the alien that wa stuck insid her . 
in no time they remov the alien from her bodi and separ the two ; yet ripley is now not complet human , possess strang amount of strength and be abl to withhold greater pain than a normal be . 
im sure someon can explain exactli whi thi is so , but for now well just ignor it and move on . 
whi , you ask , would ripley and the alien insid her be recreat ? 
well , the smart littl lab research believ that they would be abl to discov mani advanc in scienc from studi the alien creatur . 
these were the same peopl who said they could control the alien and that their wa no danger in their research . 
they ( yawn ) were wrong . 
it doesnt take a geniu to figur out that the rest of the film is a continu cat and mous chase between the human who die off one by one and the alien who open their mouth on everi possibl occas to show off their fright scari un-floss teeth . 
there a littl say that goe someth like thi : if your go to make a bad film , do it well .  
i have seen plenti of disappoint and underachiev movi , but they are not the one that realli bother me . 
alien resurrect , a good exampl of a film that realli get up my nose , is not so much a discourag experi but an off put one . 
there is no way to describ whi the australian ma rate wa given to thi film other than unnecessari and repuls gore , which attempt to distract us from the wandering-but-not-going-anywher plot . 
in one scene my stomach churn as i wit a mawkish look alien put it hand on a charact head and liter rip most of hi face off . 
anoth one featur ripley stick a knife through her hand just to impress someon she wa talk to . 
fair enough if it were in a horror film or even if it bare ani signific to the stori , but thi is unfortun not the case , and thi sort of bizarr gore is inexcus . 
if you think im struggl to find one good aspect about the film , then you thought right . 
one excit scene is a credit ( and the onli part remot worth see ) to the film , in which an alien chase two men ( one a crippl ) up a tall ladder with interest result . 
but of cours after that thrill scene alien resurrect had no problem in return to it pathet low standard , and end up crash into the shore of movi dull more often than japanes kamikaz jet fighter fall off their ski . 
so in a film where the one liner come as bad as earth man , what a shit hole and the primari mean for one man strateg attack is to bounc bullet off wall to hit an oppon , it no wonder whi alien : resurrect turn out to be as off put and clumsi as it is . 
oh , and in case your wonder about my bag of lolli  the less i enjoy a film , the more i eat . 
so all the lolli were gone in 15 minut ; but howev empti the bag turn out to be , it wa still a long way ahead of the movie 
