i love movi . 
i realli do . 
everi time i watch great movi like goodfella ( 1990 ) or raider of the lost ark ( 1981 ) , a tear come to my eye due to the awesom talent , skill and entertain that is on display . 
even lower grade film such as the nake gun 33 1/3 ( 1994 ) or ghostbust ii ( 1988 ) while not exactli brilliantli well made , are certainli not a wast of celluloid and present entertain valu . 
then there 's my favourit martian , the exact opposit of what a movi should be : a hurri , poorli written and act movi with one goal , to make money . 
disney , ever sinc the lion king ( 1994 ) have lost their magic touch , but thi dross just show how far disney have sunk . 
christoph lloyd play a martian who crash land in front of t . v report 's tim o'hara car ( daniel ) , and soon tim find the martian in hi home , tri to recov and fix hi spaceship . 
along with hi 'zoot ' spacesuit , voic by wayn knight , must fix hi spaceship befor it explod , and also tri to stop hi ident be reveal to the public , firstli by o'hara , but later by rival t . v present brace chan ( hurley ) , by call himself tim 's 'uncl martin . ' 
'laughter ' is suppos to aris from the 'comic ' event , but never doe . 
mani bad film have good intent , but my favourit martian doe n't appear to tri to provid ani entertain . 
fill to the brim with wham bang special effect , my favourit martian offer littl more than some nice eye candi . 
christoph lloyd mug hi way through the entir movi , i 've never seen a man pull a face for 93 minut until now . 
jeff daniel play 'stapl nice guy ' and hi role is useless . 
hi perform is incred lazi , although hi paperthin charact doe n't deserv more than the perform he give . 
darryl hannah look as pretti as ever , but her role is somewhat , erm , limit . 
hurley mistak 'act ' for 'shout and look like a twit ' and win the david wilcock award for 'most irrit , godaw perform in a move pictur . ' 
way to go liz ! 
for the support cast , disney manag to assembl everi charact actor out there , dure the film i wa go 'he wa the guy in . . . ah . . er . . . ' 
befor final give up and switch off . 
anoth major setback is the stapl 'comedi sidekick . ' 
unfortun , the writer ( sherri stoner and deanna oliv , if anyon care ) forget that a comedi sidekick need to be 'funni . ' 
instead , they deliv zoot , the martian deepli unfunni sidekick . 
although meant to be a manic charact no doubt , everi line that come out of hi 'neck ' is a dud . 
a real dud . 
citizen kane deliv more laugh a minut than hi hell spawn piec of polyest . 
even the kid in the audienc were insult by thi charact : not one child even bother to smirk . 
it 's a nice special effect , though . 
anoth problem with thi comedi are the gag themselv . 
or rather , the lack of them . 
my favourit martian reach a new level of toilet humour : it goe past the bowl , down the pipe and into the sewer . 
now , toilet humour can be funni , as dumb and dumber ( 1994 ) humor show . 
but here , charact fart , belch and almost get crap on ( liter ) is not 'amus . ' 
it 's insult . 
there 's one good gag right befor the credit , but it appear the guy who wrote that gag tragic die and hi unfunni twin continu . 
either that , or they were hope that easi to pleas six year old would n't mind the fact that hi movi is beaten by men at work in the funni stake . 
ye , men at work . 
yowza ! 
the fact that a lot of money wa pump into thi film , and that they actual got peopl to agre to be in thi film just depress me even more . 
there are thousand of brilliant film out there that ca n't get distribut , yet trash like thi get releas nation-wid with eas . 
thank , as soon as it make it 's money , it will never be seen again , and my favourit martian will end up where the two lead charact do near the end of the movi : down the toilet . 
