my giant begin with a monologu that 's more funni than not and a distinct ` princess bride , ' mediev fairy-tale-in-the- ? 90 feel . 
i wa pleasantli surpris how sharp the comedi wa , with veri funni scene occur on a movi set in romania where talent agent sammi ( billi crystal ) is visit a client and in the monasteri where sammi end up after be mysteri save when he accident plung hi car into a stream . 
and when sammi meet max , hi giant , mysteri savior play by gheorgh muresan , there is magic in the air ; albeit it a bit goofi , i love everi minut of it . 
the film , of cours , play on the size differ between the two , and at time you would almost swear it must be special effect . 
i particularli enjoy a shot of sammi dangl hi leg from a max-siz chair as the two face each over an enorm tabl and eat from overs bowl and spoon . 
i also like jere burn ' ( from tv 's ` someth so right ' ) perform as the director of the film in romania . 
at thi point , the primari flaw in the film is that gheorgh muresan is incred hard to understand , particularli dure hi fast-pac first scene . 
it is unfortun that the script requir him to speak quickli right out of the gate , as i did understand him more as the film continu and i becam accustom to hi speech . 
howev , about the time muresan becom coher , the charact head to new york and the film take a dive . 
off the high board . 
suddenli , we are expect to believ sammi is a do-whatever-it-tak slime ball . 
up until thi point he wa pursu hi own interest to be sure , but he did n't come off as a desper jerk . 
if he had , the first scene could never have been so lightheart and magic . 
but now , in new york , we are further introduc to hi neglect wife and son , and hi charact is desper enough to involv max in a disturb giant vs . midget wrestl match , which i found quit unpleas and jar within the framework of the film . 
inde , mani scene stuck out of thi film like incorrectli place puzzl piec . 
thi includ the scene featur steven seagal , when sammi get max a role in a big , hollywood movi film in la vega . 
while i enjoy see seagal poke fun at himself , the scene appear to exist sole becaus of hi particip , rather than becaus the film demand it . 
and the audienc is requir to take a huge leap to believ that max would win the role base on hi quotat of shakespear . 
at thi point i found myself think , ` we 're suppos to believ that someon would cast thi guy in a film ? ' 
then i realiz he wa , and i wa watch it . 
in the final third , the film undergo anoth transform , thi time to unbridl sentiment . 
note : major plot point are reveal in thi and the final paragraph . 
max went to america becaus sammi promis to reunit him with hi childhood love , lillianna , who ha n't seen him sinc he wa a normal-s kid . 
her refus to see max ( unbeknownst to him ) lead us to an awkward ` end justifi the mean ' scene as sammi 's wife serena , play nice by kathleen quinlan , pose as lillianna . 
i found thi scene offens . 
not onli did it reli on decept to induc warm , fuzzi feel from the audienc , it reduc max to someon we should piti and coddl , which i thought wa quit undeserv . 
i think max could have handl the truth , gratuit ill and all . 
late in the film we learn max , and in fact all giant , have a heart condit which shorten their live consider . 
thi could be an enlighten revel , but the film seemingli present it onli to justifi sammi 's transform into a care , sensit guy -- and hey , a great dad and husband , too ! 
` my giant ' suffer from a poorli construct stori line and undevelop charact whose action are determin by plot point rather than their own intern persuas . 
a stronger stori with more room for charact growth might have been possibl if the focu wa on max 's struggl to be accept and cast in movi instead of sammi 's struggl to get money and becom a better person . 
in thi scenario , max 's ill could have been a integr part of the film not a stori motiv . 
sentiment and emot would have follow natur . 
instead , we 're appar not suppos to like sammi until the end , but we 're not allow to focu on max . 
crystal and muresan give adequ and at time enjoy perform , but in the end , ` my giant ' left me feel like i 'd been fed gruel from a giant spoon . 
