the formula is simpl . 
trap a vari group of peopl on an isol locat , then pop in a seemingli unstopp monster to kill them one by one . 
these have been the success ingredi for mani good film ( the thing , alien , alien , and tremor to name a few ) . 
so , whi is it that so mani film follow thi recip end up pathet bad ? 
( see the relic for a particularli putrid exampl . ) 
perhap it is simpli too easi to forget the necessari bind ingredi : effort and idea . 
deep rise meet these two requir part way , but not enough to salvag the film . 
treat william is finnegan , the leader of a small boat crew who hire out their servic ( and their boat ) for ani activ . . . no 
question ask . 
thi time , howev , they may have gone too far . 
their passeng , led by the omin we studi , are the type of multi-n terrorist squad usual onli seen in die hard film . 
and their cargo . . . let 's 
just say it ha veri high explos potenti . 
what is the target of these thiev ? 
whi , the argonauticu , of cours , a high tech luxuri cruis yacht on it maiden voyag . 
but someth els is hunt the argonauticu . . . someth 
ancient and deadli . 
by the time the thiev arriv , nearli everyon on board the ship ha been kill . 
and now the creatur sens fresh meat ! 
so , you have the thiev and their mercenari boat crew , join forc with the surviv passeng ( includ the ship owner canton ( anthoni heald ) , and a thief with less lofti goal , trillian ( famk janssen ) ) against the terror from the deep . 
and the monster get to pick them off one by one . 
fortun for the creatur , thi particular band of crimin happen to be the dumbest the world can offer . 
whi els would they indulg in petti squabbl while they watch their friend becom fish food . 
if there 's a more clarion call for uniti , i do n't know what it might be . 
it 's pretti easi to guess who will get kill off when . 
there are no surpris in that the most interest charact seem to last until the end . 
for the most part , the wateri tentacl seem to be act on the audienc 's impuls to get rid of the most bore charact first . 
( although i wonder if the filmmak might have extend djimon hounsou 's life a bit if they knew thi would be releas so soon after hi acclaim for amistad . ) 
treat william is a passabl hero , and famk janssen doe her best julia robert imperson . 
but while we studi and anthoni heald are particularli slimi , veri littl of the rest of the compani stand out in ani way . 
the biggest treat in the film , howev , ha to be pantucci , kevin j . o'connor 's whine engine-boy , under finnegan 's employ . 
hi constant quip may be a bit over-written , but they manag to captur the same vein of nerve-addl humor that bill paxton deliv as hudson in alien ( or todd graff as hippi in the abyss , for that matter ) . 
it 's just a stock part ( the comic-relief charact ) , but it almost make thi tire alien clone bearabl . 
as far as the monster goe , although the cgi is done well , the creatur ha no logic consist . 
think back to the great ( or even just good ) movi monster . 
they all had a set of `` rule `` about what they could do , and how and whi they would do it . 
part of the joy of those film wa slowli discov , along with the hero , just what those rule are . 
the tentacl monster in deep rise doe n't have a set of rule . . . 
or if it doe , not a veri good one . 
it mere eat ( or drink , as the case may be ) , and there is no rhyme or reason for what it doe in order to do so . 
the film never explain whi the argonauticu is attack in the first place . 
it simpli happen . 
the action scene are decent , but few are noteworthi . 
the film definit doe suffer from it proxim to titan . 
deep rise 's peril in the water scene pale next to cameron 's ( but can you realli blame them ) . 
unfortun , deep rise 's effort are more on par with speed 2 . 
on the plu side , howev , the film 's close imag show some promis for a potenti interest ( but unlik ) sequel . 
perhap you 'd be better off wait for that one . 
