i think mayb it 's time for the batman seri to be put to rest . 
not onli ha the first two film ' unsettl insight into what it would realli take for someon to make himself into a `` superhero `` been abandon , but thi one throw ani linger realism out the window and goe for all-out camp with few trace of the self-mock restraint of the rel light-heart third instal . 
let me give you an exampl : in the first scene of the movi , batman ( georg clooney ) and robin ( chri o'donnel ) are summon to a museum that ha been liter turn to ice by mr . freez ( arnold schwarzenegg ) in an attempt to steal a diamond . 
mr . freez 's thug are arm with none other than hockey stick , but thi is no problem for our hero : automat skate shoot out of their shoe , at which point robin manag to get hold of a hockey stick , grab the diamond , and stick-handl it through the museum . 
i might have expect thi from an airplane-styl farc , but i do n't think that 's what thi movi is suppos to be . 
after all , the previou three batman movi were actual fairli realist by the standard of the superhero/act genr and kept the corni death-defi stunt to a minimum , while play the obligatori cheesi with at least some amount of ironi . 
not ani more ; the list goe on and on in thi one . 
robin hold onto the outsid of a fli rocket ship 30 , 000 feet high in the atmospher , climb in the door to save batman . 
mr . freez and poison ivi ( uma thurman ) leap from a skyscrap and surviv by land in a small pond . 
a world domin mad scientist live in a fortress that seem to have been stolen from the old he-man cartoon . 
my veri favorit exampl is the scene in which batgirl ( alicia silverston ) get in a race with motorcycl thug , dure which they come up with the clever notion of dous the road with gasolin and set it on fire to distract her . 
not bad , but would n't the polic ( or mayb batman ? ) 
notic if the road wa on fire ? 
i knew gotham citi wa thi crazi anarch place , but . 
. 
. 
. 
it also seem that the creator of the batman movi are obey some unwritten rule that there have to be more main charact and plot line in each success instal . 
as if three protagonist and two villain were n't enough , batman and robin further weigh itself down with an underdevelop side stori of the fail health of bruce wayn 's butler alfr ( michael gough ) , which might have seem poignant if it wa n't surround by so much silli , as well as sever scene with ell macpherson as bruce 's girlfriend which serv no purpos other than to remind us that she is in the movi . 
all thi might be semi-excus if the stori were interest and entertain , but it is n't . 
in fact , it 's kind of bore . 
mr . freez and poison ivi pale in comparison as villain to past baddi such as jack nicholson 's joker and danni devito 's penguin . 
their evil plot is as predict ( schwarzenegg actual pronounc the word , `` today gotham citi , tomorrow the world ! `` ) 
as it is lame-brain ( did n't it ever occur to poison ivi that freez the entir world would kill her preciou plant too ? ) . 
and robin 's constant challeng of batman mostli just make him look bull-head and stupid and make us wonder whi batman ever would have taken him on as a partner in the first place . 
strip away the star , the fanci set design , and the statu as a `` batman movi , `` and all you have here is anoth bare passabl summer action flick . 
