from dusk till dawn ( director/editor : robert rodriguez ; screenwrit : quentin tarantino/robert kurtzman ( stori ) ; cinematograph : guillermo navarro ; cast : quentin tarantino ( richi gecko ) , georg clooney ( seth gecko ) , juliett lewi ( kate fuller ) , harvey keitel ( jacob fuller ) , ernest liu ( scott fuller ) , salma hayek ( santanico pandemonium ) , tom savini ( sex machin ) , fred williamson ( frost ) , cheech marin ( border guard/chet pussy/carlo ) , michael park ( texa ranger ) , brenda hillhous ( hostag gloria ) ; runtim : 108 ; dimens film ; 1996 ) 
review by denni schwartz 
it 's a love it or hate it film . 
i simpli hate it . 
on it menu for fun , is a violent feast serv up as charm and done in a tongue-and-cheek manner . 
it 's a serial killer/horror film farc of nonstop over-the-top action and sleaz , involv decapit , vampir , biker fight , extend gun play , and an array of gore that ha to be seen to be believ . 
a film that regal in it vulgar and campi for blood-and-gor , as it goe out of it way to gloss over the clich ? s of the convent b-film . 
it 's gear onli for the cult film crowd , and will make it mark there one way or the other . 
the plot involv two psychopath brother , the older profession bank robber and killer seth gecko ( clooney ) and the pervert psychopath killer , richi ( tarantino ) , who kill for pleasur and is also a rapist . 
they escap jail and go on a kill spree in wichita and then flee to a liquor store in a small texa border town . 
they have just rob a bank and kill a number of cop , they have also taken a middle-ag bank teller as a hostag . 
in the liquor store they kill a texa ranger and the store clerk , and burn down the store . 
stop off in a flop-hous motel , richi rape and slaughter the hostag . 
these scene are all done with an eye for comedi and parodi , if that 's possibl . 
on the tv news , it say they have kill 16 so far and most are texa ranger . 
the brother plan to get to mexico and meet carlo ( cheech ) , who will give them a place of sanctuari for thirti percent of their illeg take . 
with road block and car search at the border , the brother command a motor home of a vacat famili who stop at their motel so that the father could sleep in a real bed . 
there is the father , jacob fuller ( keitel ) , who just resign as a minist becaus he lost faith ever sinc hi wife die in a car accid ; hi sexi 20-year-old , innoc daughter , kate ( lewi ) ; and , her shi brother scott ( liu ) . 
it 's not explain how he happen to be chines . 
the stori realli becom bizarr when they get across the border and get readi to meet carlo in a bar/whorehous for trucker and biker call the titti twister . 
the place is open from dawn to dusk , thu the film 's titl . 
here 's where rodriguez ha a chanc to throw convent out the window and have some absurd fun , as the place turn out to be a vampir hangout . 
it sell sex to it patron , and ha exot stripper santanico pandemonium ( hayek ) do her allur strip befor turn into a vampir . 
the brother and their hostag have to fight their way out of the place , as the vampir keep come and the kill becom the film 's stapl . 
thi supposedli clever script did noth but turn me off , though there were a few funni moment in a film that wa drip with special effect and spent most of it script in find novel way to showcas it kill . 
i 'll take a pass on thi one , it 's just not my style of a film . 
the charact were as empti as the stori , and the film wa an easi one to forget . 
