take two old and die men , a lifetim of regret , a hous full of sin , a thoroughli despic man , enough lie , insecur and other charact defect to keep a team of psychiatrist gain employ , then add a inexplic meteorolog and amphibian-bas phenomenon and you will have sum up magnolia , the newest film from paul thoma anderson ( boogi night ) . 
the movi tell multipl stori , weav them togeth , or overlap them dure the cours of it three hour run time . 
would that the stori were worth the tell . 
earl partridg ( jason robard , a thousand acr ) is die of cancer . 
bedridden , in much pain , it is obviou that hi time is grow short . 
hi much younger wife play by juliann moor ( an ideal husband ) is surpris to find herself struggl with hi impend death . 
have marri for money , she discov that she ha actual fallen in love with the old guy and regret have cheat and lie . 
earl regret have cheat on hi first wife and estrang himself from hi onli son ( tom cruis , eye wide shut ) , now a misogynist self-help guru who teach men how to `` seduc and destroy , `` hi sexual and vulgar perspect on male/femal relationship is so over-the-top as to be utterli unbeliev . 
meanwhil , jimmi gator ( philip baker hall , the insid ) is also die of cancer . 
not as physic incapacit as earl , jimmi is still abl to perform hi duti as the lovabl host of a long-run quiz show which pit adult against children . 
the current whiz-quiz-kid is stanley spector ( jeremi blackman in hi film debut ) who is tire of the pressur of perform and is will to call it quit . 
on the other hand , quiz kid donni smith ( william maci , mysteri men ) would like noth more than to return to the spotlight when he wa a `` somebodi . `` 
hi pathet life is sour as he can no longer capit on hi brief 15 minut of fame which stanley is all too eager to relinquish . 
jimmi ha hi own famili crisi as hi drug-addict daughter ( melora walter , boogi night ) refus to have anyth to do with him for reason which are not disclos to us until the end of the film . 
grab at one last attempt at happi she reach out to a softheart cop ( john c . reilli , never been kiss ) even as she tri to push herself away from him becaus she deem herself not worthi of hi affect . 
thi dysfunct group carri on for what seem to be an intermin two-third of the movi . 
and then it get wors , liter rain frog . 
ye , frog . 
assum it to be an intend deus-ex-machina devic , it is an ineffect one becaus it doe n't seem to faze the charact much . 
oh , they may step gingerli around the splatter frog corps litter the street , but otherwis , the frog shower did n't seem to chang their behavior or pattern of live ( or die ) . 
there is simpli too much go on in thi movi and most of it is distast to watch . 
mr . anderson further obscur the film by incorpor a loud and intrus sound track that often drown out the dialogu , a charact who appar rap a signific clue to a plot develop which wa complet unintelligbl , and a heavi hand segment of `` histor `` occur contain iron twist which set up absolut noth . 
one of the recur theme is found in a line donni quot : `` we may be done with the past , but the past is not done with us . `` 
thi is an absolut lie . 
god is in the forgiv busi . 
in fact , as we humbl ask for forgiv and repent or chang our offend mindset , god 's word say that he not onli forgiv , he also forget . 
`` i , even i , am he that blotteth out thi transgress for mine own sake , and will not rememb thi sin . `` 
isaiah 43 : 25 [ kjv ] 
the spiritu one who keep bring up our unright past is the same one who want to keep us in a state of condemn . 
do n't let him . 
next time your spiritu adversari remind you of your past , take great pleasur in remind him of hi futur . 
he hate that . 
