godzilla is a nuclear freak . 
he is a lizard that ha been mutat over the year and ha becom a new speci , one that ha a foot as long as thi bu , and a claw as long as thi sign . 
thi aquat creatur made it first attack in the pacif island . 
he tore up a ship that carri dozen of japanes men . 
one surviv . 
onli he wa left to recount the terror that he had seen . 
he wa mere abl to repeat the word `` godzilla . . . godzilla . . . godzilla `` . 
the film then introduc us to matthew broderick , a biologist who ha been studi the fascin growth of chernobyl earthworm . 
`` they 're 17 % larger than they use to be ! `` he proclaim . 
the u . s . militari pull him off thi three year project and assign him to figur out what godzilla is . 
and , boy , doe he find out . 
and , boy , doe godzilla suck . 
i hate to use such a word in a review , someth that is suppos to inform my audienc , but i realli need to drive thi one home and i refus to use explit . 
it is unbeliev to me how the produc of thi movi saw the final cut and said , `` ok ! 
it 's great ! 
let 's show thi puppi . `` 
roland emmerich need a good hors whip . 
hi latest piec of trash make id4 look like a masterpiec of modern american cinema . 
and if steven spielberg had never made the jurass park film , emmerich and hi team of talent-challeng imbecil would never have had a clue as to how the creatur should look . 
let me give you a few exampl of thi terribl attempt at filmmak . 
i plan on give some thing away here . 
beliv me , godzilla hold no surpris for anyon with an iq higher than their shoe size , so . . . no 
worri . 
howev , if you are look for that `` first time thrill `` and you refus to let me do you thi favor , by all mean , stop read now . 
a . ) godzilla make hi first ever attack in the pacif island . 
he next strike in new york citi . 
um . . . anyon have a map handi ? 
b . ) the mayor of new york citi is a heavi set individu with part gray hair and thick glass . 
hi name is mayor ebert . 
hi assist is name gene . 
gene give ebert a thumb down at the end of the film . 
i could n't make thi up if i tri , folk . 
c . ) stay with me on thi one . . . 
ok . 
godzilla can out run torpedo . 
hank azaria can out run godzilla babi . 
( which look more like jurass park raptor than the jurass park raptor . ) 
d . ) the u . s . militari , upon realiz that godzilla ha disappear after run rampant through the citi , decid that he `` might be hide in a build . `` 
e . ) ( oh yeah , i can go all the way to e . ) godzilla strike at manhattan . 
manhattan , an island approxim the size of san francisco hold three million peopl . 
they evactu to new jersey in about one day . 
no problem . 
f . ) earli on , they bait godzilla with fish . 
( he like fish , you know . ) 
the thing is on an island . 
the atlant ocean is three step east , but pile a whole bunch of grouper on fifth and 57th . . . oh 
he 's gon na come run . 
g . ) you know what ? 
i 'll stop with the list now . . . the 
alphabet is n't big enough anyway . 
the dialogu make me wonder if produc dean devlin had hi five year old do a re-writ . 
`` the kid is good ! `` he must have said . 
maria pitillo is look to becom a name in hollywood by star in thi potenti blockbust . 
bad move , maria . 
act doe n't get much wors than her turn as broderick 's ex-flam . 
matthew broderick is a good actor , but you 'd never give him a chanc if godzilla were the onli film of hi you 'd seen . 
jean reno need to pick hi american film a bit more care . 
at time , godzilla seem to be head toward a zucker , abraham , zucker film . 
( airplan ! , nake gun . ) 
the joke are inde that bad . 
but just when you think the filmmak are have fun with you , they take themselv serious . 
how dare they ! 
godzilla would have been better if it had onli thrown in visual sight gag and fart joke . 
at least then we would know we were suppos to laugh . 
each and everi charact in godzilla is beyond stupid and i wa realli pull for the beast to kill more of them . 
emmerich did do one thing , though . 
( and i 've no idea if it wa intent . ) 
he made me sympath with godzilla . 
hi attack were so damn dumb that i felt sorri for him be pelt with bullet and missl . 
but what made me feel even sorrier for him wa that hi famou name will alway be attatch to one of the worst film hollywood ha ever produc . 
