when i ponder childhood memori past , one of the thing that alway spring immedi to mind is watch the `` inspector gadget `` tv show with my older brother . 
truth be told , we were rabid fanat ; our version of cowboy and indian wa chase each other around our coffe tabl to the theme tune , altern who would get to be gadget and who would be stuck play the part of dr . claw , the inspector 's arch nemesi . 
i wa never a biggi on nostalgia , but you just ca n't help but have fond memori of someth like that . 
sometim i even find myself up at 4am watch re-run of my favorit episod , tri to recaptur some of that sens of wonder i felt as a kid . 
at the veri least , i wa expect the new film version of the classic televis seri to have at least some kind of similar effect on me . 
despit how horrid a film may be , the simpl task of rekindl even a slight feel of nostalgia is pretti tough to screw up . 
so back i sat , with minimum expect of what the movi would deliv ( let 's face it ; exactli how good can a live-act disney film realli be ? ) . 
i wa wise enough to steer clear from the like of mr . magoo and georg of the jungl ( two previou disney adapt ) , and i wish to god that i had been sharp enough to skip gadget as well . 
rare ha a movi left me with such an utter feel of empti . 
as everyon els wa get up to exit the screen room after the movi had complet it assault on mankind , i wa left sit there , absolut speechless and total dumbfound at what i had just seen . 
can someth thi aw truli exist in such an evolv world ? 
right from the begin , i knew i wa in troubl . 
in the open scene , each charact is introduc as if their sole purpos is to just be , to simpli serv as real-lif duplic of their cartoon clone . 
when refer to them , peopl almost yell in fear that the audienc will not catch on as to who a certain charact is suppos to be ( `` oh , hi penni ! 
is brain with you ? `` ) . 
creat one-dimension replica is one thing ; have mere name take the place of them is quit anoth . 
the `` plot `` , shall we call it , stay fairli in tune with the origin seri . 
matthew broderick star as john brown ( how creativ is that ? ) , 
a secur guard who is horribl injur by a pack of ruthless businessmen head by scolex ( whi , rupert everett , for the love of god whi ? ? ? ! ! ! ) , who himself is transform into claw by an unfortun chain of event . 
brown is then rescu and use as a prototyp for a new law-enforc technolog wherein he 's join with variou machin part and some nifti gadget to form ( drumrol , pleas ) . . . 
inspector gadget ! 
> from here on out , the movi becom a hodgepodg of stupid dialog and confus situat ( although , to be fair , my confus could have been caus by the virtual concuss the film wa inflict upon my fragil mind ) . 
there 's someth about an evil gadget take over the citi ( hi first crime must have been swipe matt dillon 's dentur from there 's someth about mari ) and it all end with ( what els ? ) a bunch of post-credit nonsens and a cameo by don adam himself . 
to be honest , i wa n't much pay attent to these `` treat `` . 
i wa just glad that it wa over . 
