the realm of scienc fiction ha alway been an allegori of polit and or moral sensibl . 
the best tale of the genr deal with mankind 's struggl for surviv or knowledg . 
such popular and noteworthi tome as `` stranger in a strang land `` by robert heinlein , `` childhood 's end `` by arthur c . clark and `` man in the high castl `` and `` do android dream of electr sheep `` by philip k . dick all deal with man 's need for ident and struggl for self worth . 
hollywood ha regularli adapt the milieu ( if not the messag ) of scienc fiction sinc it 's begin . 
most film just creat fanci pulp tale with no more thought that the escap they achiev . 
it realli wa n't until produc georg pal , took charg of robert heinlein 's novel `` rocketship galileo `` and craft the film `` destin moon `` , that 'sci-fi ' ( as it is commonli refer to ) , came into it 's own . 
from there , such divers filmmak as roger corman to stanley kubrick , have sought to express idea through the medium of the genr . 
with the releas of touchston pictur `` mission to mar `` , we have an unabashedli nonchal sci-fi film for those who read the nation enquir and the globe . 
the film open on a summer barbecu , as phil ohlmyer ( jerri o'connel ) woo a young femal with hi tale of space glori and the upcom mission . 
woodi blake ( tim robbin ) and hi wife terri ( conni nielsen ) commit to hi come author on the mission , and luc goddard ( don cheadl ) consol hi son . 
enter the parti is jim mcconnel ( gari sinis ) , who gave up command of the mission due to the untim death of hi wife , maggi ( kim delaney ) . 
luc consol jim with woodi 's assist . 
the three men are friend and carri a fine bond of trust and care between them . 
but jim still long to set foot on the red planet . 
the mission is in earnest as luc and hi team land in the cydonia region of mar . 
they send out the rover to investig the area and discov what seem to be water or ice under the surfac . 
go out to investig , luc and hi team approach the fame 'face on mar ' . 
a strang nois eman from the rock . 
as the team tri to scan through the rock with radar , a violent wind storm erupt , creat a vortex that kill all member of the team , save for luc . 
back on the space station orbit earth , woodi and jim receiv the inform that the mar land team is miss . 
luc 's interfer laden emerg messag urg the two men to attempt a second mission to the red planet in the hope of rescu the previou team . 
the second journey to the martian world is fraught with danger . 
meteorit shower , explos , and rescu all come into play as the intrepid hero make there way to the planet 's surfac . 
the big question is , is there now or ha there ever been intellig life on mar . 
and if so , what is it relationship with us ? 
now for the bad news . 
the entir plot of `` mission to mar `` is base almost wholeheartedli on outdat and preposter nation enquir type martian civil tripe . 
the fame 'face on mar ' becom the centerpiec of the film , reveal some of the most harebrain sci-fi pabulum the screen ha wit . 
borrow idea from such film as `` robinson cruso on mar `` ( 1964 ) , quatermass and the pit ( 1967 ) , `` 2001 : a space odyssey `` , and even mario bava 's `` planet of the vampir `` ( 'terror nello spazio ' ) ( 1965 ) , `` mission to mar `` is a hodgepodg of idea that do n't add up to a satisfi whole . 
while some sequenc are wonder handl and execut , the film remain flat and un-involv . 
so much time is give to establish the lead charact in the film , but to no good use . 
the perform are all workmen like , with onli don cheadl ( as luc ) carri ani sort of real chemistri . 
gari sinis is wast in role that requir him to look as if he is experienc sleep deprav . 
and the mistaken idea of have jerri o'connel ( as phil ohlmyer ) play hi part for comic relief is just too pain to excus . 
and the less said about tim robbin call in from home perform the better . 
he 's just have too much fun here to give a damn . 
the script ha a few laps , name that after discov sever breach in the hull of the ship caus by a meteorit shower , no one think of check the fuel tank or the remaind of the ship for damag . 
thi of cours lead to our hero have to abandon their rescu ship . 
also , when one charact sacrific himself , the charact take on a religi demeanor that is complet at odd with the situat . 
but the biggest offenc in the film is the horrid , intrus score by ennio morricon . 
subtleti is non-exist here . 
in fact in some scene the music becom so extravag that dialogu is almost drown out . 
the onli sequenc in which the score almost work is dure the protract meteorit shower . 
the pace of the film is veri leisur . 
after the open introduct of the charact ( which last a full 22 minut ) , we are final drop onto the martian surfac . 
then , there is anoth long paus in the plot for more charact develop , includ an elabor danc sequenc in zero graviti . 
the film could lose about 30 minut and actual gain some momentum . 
there are so mani scene of talk head , discuss what we alreadi know is go to happen , that it drag the film to a dead stop . 
the good news is that the film is absolut sumptuou to look at . 
the vista of the planet mar are majest and awe inspir . 
the design of the numer spacecraft and suit are all expertli draft , with a level of realism that ha n't been seen sinc `` 2001 : a space odyssey `` . 
the visual effect are just stun , from the space walk sequenc , to the visual of evolut on earth . 
the onli fault come with the martian themselv , which look more like someth out of a plastic model kit than someth from anoth world . 
director de palma stage some wonder creativ scene through out the film . 
the open sequenc alon in a seemingli un-interrupt cut last almost 15 minut ( an homag ' to hitchcock 's `` rope `` ) , as we are introduc to all of the charact . 
scene in the rescu ship , with it rotat centrifug , are just amaz in their execut . 
but the nag question , is the final explan worth all of thi sturm und drang . 
sadli it is not . 
director brian de palma ha craft an extravag product . 
the set design and visual effect are all arrest . 
but it 's the comic strip denounc that ruin what might have been a fine return to good adventur , thought provok scienc fiction . 
a disappoint film , but one that might still entertain if you can settl for the visual . 
