if you 're debat whether or not to see _breakfast_of_champions_ , ask yourself one simpl question : do you want to see nick nolt in lingeri ? 
the onli peopl who would get much enjoy from alan rudolph 's chaotic adapt of the kurt vonnegut novel is the cross-sect of the popul with the unhealthi urg to see that unpleas sight . 
everyon els -- and i 'm hope that 's most peopl -- would be wise to steer clear of thi excrutiatingli unfunni mess . 
actual , though , the sight of nolt in high heel is one of the more amus thing about thi muddl , which focus dwayn hoover ( bruce willi ) , the owner of dwayn hoover 's exit 11 motor villag in midland citi . 
not onli is he a huge success as a businessman , he 's also someth of a celebr , hi face made recogniz by an ongo seri of televis commerci . 
with a nice home and famili to boot , dwayn appear to have it all the ingredi to be happi -- yet he 's not . 
hi wife celia ( barbara hershey ) is perpetu in a pill-induc haze ; hi son georg ( luka haa ) is a flamboy loung singer who goe by the stage name `` bunni . `` 
not onli that , the environment protect agenc is on dwayn 's ass over a build develop project . 
it 's enough to send dwayn on a nervou breakdown -- that is , if he doe n't succeed in blow hi brain out first . 
meanwhil , midland citi is about to host a fine art festiv , and the guest of honor is one kilgor trout ( albert finney ) , a writer who is far from the renown author the festiv 's organ ( buck henri ) wa led to believ -- in fact , he 's a penniless hack who write second-r sci-fi that appear in porn magazin . 
hi trek to midland citi is also a spiritu journey , one that reach it apex after meet dwayn , who for some reason think that trout will hold for him all of life 's answer . 
the abov is alreadi a longer plot synopsi than i usual give in my review , but , iron , i have bare scratch the surfac . 
i have n't yet mention wayn hoobler ( omar epp ) , an ex-con with an obsess admir for the similarly-nam dwayn . 
then there 's the matter of francin ( glenn headli ) , dwayn 's devot secretari . 
not to mention dwayn 's employe and old friend harri lesabr ( nolt ) , the one with the secret penchant for cross-dress . 
and so on . 
the film is essenti dwayn 's stori , but too often rudolph goe on distract tangent with the eccentr peripher player that one often wonder what the point is . 
rudolph doe arriv at a point ( more on that later ) , but it 's blunt and obscur by hi hyperact approach to the materi . 
the surreal visual style , complet with print word fli through the air and into dwayn 's ear , is obvious meant to convey a sens of mad , but it bludgeon natur is like to make viewer mad . 
the actor are call on to act accordingli , result in some of the worst , most overdon work all of them have ever turn in . 
willi fare best of all -- but that 's becaus hi frozen express of befuddl bewilder mirror that of the audienc . 
with such an aggress outrag atmospher for nearli all of it run time , it come as a shock when thing suddenli turn seriou , and rudolph tri to make a statement . 
unlik _american_beauty_ ( a film that _breakfast_ resembl in more than a few way , to it great detriment ) , there is n't ani palpabl earnest undercurr that would prepar the audienc for the big shift . 
as such , the cartooni charact fail to win a sympathi that need to be earn ; and the film attempt , to no avail , to reach a profund that it doe n't deserv . 
vonnegut 's origin novel is consid a classic , but it had been call unfilm -- the same that wa said of hunter s . thompson 's _fear_and_loathing_in_las_vegas_ , which wa disastr commit to film last year by terri gilliam . 
with the similar failur of _breakfast_of_champions_ , will hollywood ever learn that book label `` unfilm `` inevit result in a film that is unwatch ? 
like not . 
