back in februari at the monthli lo angel comic book and scienc fiction convent , new line cinema put on a lavish present for it big-screen updat of the cult 1960 sci-fi tv show lost in space , complet with in-person appear by cast member mimi roger , matt leblanc , lacey chabert , jack johnson , and even gari oldman . 
that should have set off my warn alarm -- the last time such an extravag film present took place at the convent wa nearli five year ago , when none other than arnold schwarzenegg made an in-person cameo to peddl . . . 
last action hero . 
but no , like million of other , i bought into the hype and `` got lost . `` 
if onli i had gotten lost -- liter -- on the way to theatr and spare myself the tedium of thi sloppili slapped-togeth blockbust wannab . 
you may find yourself wonder if director stephen hopkin and screenwrit akiva goldsman were lost themselv when they made the film . 
at the convent , goldsman claim to be a rabid fan of the origin televis seri , and if that realli is the case , i 'd hate to see what he doe with concept he onli ha mild interest in . 
to say that hi script lack narr cohes is to impli that there is a narr to begin with -- which there most certainli is not . 
after the setup , in which the robinson famili -- father john ( william hurt , look and sound as space out as he doe in interview ) , mother maureen ( roger , wast ) , daughter judi ( heather graham , ditto ) and penni ( a heavili made-up chabert , look like a junior version of neve campbel in wild thing ) , and son will ( young newcom johnson , make the best of it ) -- and pilot don west ( leblanc , do a bad han solo impress ) find themselv lost in space after their ship is sabotag by evil stowaway dr . smith ( a watered-down but still-liv oldman , cash a paycheck and love everi minut ) , the script 's `` stream `` of event becom so fragment and random that it seem to be made up as it goe along -- and hopkin doe littl to make what doe go on the slightest bit interest . 
they encount anoth ship . 
they board it . 
alien spider attack them . 
they return to their ship . 
the other one explod . 
they land on a desert planet . 
and so on . 
an attempt at a plot involv time travel occur in the third act , but goldsman doe n't seem to understand the rule that come with use such a stori devic ; when one charact 's past self die , the futur incarn inexplic live on . 
the look and effect should be lost in space 's ace-in-the-hol , but hopkin even manag to botch that . 
for a big-budget film , the visual effect are incred shoddi . 
in one composit background shot , i could see the blue outlin around oldman ; the variou digit effect for the space battl scene look like . . . 
digit effect . 
but noth in those shot is as jaw-droppingli unconvinc as blawp , a monkey-lik space creatur that becom penni 's pet . 
entir computer-gener and everi inch show it , blawp look like it wa lift directli from a soni playstat game . 
appar hopkin thought the same and tri desper to hide it ; how els can one explain the graini of blawp 's composit shot with the human actor ? 
but in do so , the seam are that much more obviou . 
you have to be sever visual impair to not be distract when a graini shot of penni and blawp is immedi follow by a crystal-clear solo reaction shot of judi . 
new line is hope lost in space will becom a big franchis much like the long-run star trek cash cow at paramount . 
i do n't think so . 
in a few year , the lost in space movi will like live on not as a seri but as the obscur answer to a trivia question : what film end titan 's 15-week reign at the top of the weekend box offic ? 
