suicid is pointless , everyon should know that . 
so what 's thi movi like ? 
you guess it . . . 
pointless . 
the virgin suicid focus on the live of the five lisbon sister , from the perspect of the teenag boy who are fascin by them . 
when the youngest lisbon sister commit suicid , it set in motion a seri of event that will chang the live of mani peopl forev . 
that 's what the press materi for the film probabl say . 
now here 's what i say : the virgin suicid is a huge wast of time . 
bore , arti , pretenti junk that is about as entertain as . . . 
well as commit suicid . 
the movi lost me earli on , immedi follow the scene where the younger daughter jump to her death from her bedroom window . 
the girl 's father ( jame wood ) hold her lifeless bodi in hi arm as their horrifi famili look on . 
then , as the scene end , the lawn sprinkler come on . 
is that a joke ? 
is that suppos to be amus in some way ? 
from then on , the movi fail to draw me back in . 
perform are the onli save grace of the virgin suicid . 
wood play the onli charact who would actual interest me when he came onscreen , but the perform of kirsten dunst as the next youngest daughter lux is worth mention as well . 
dunst ha the potenti to be a big star , if she choos her project well . 
and while thi film is aw , she manag to come away from it virtual unscath . 
there are also a few cameo in the film here and there , which onli frustrat the audienc as they leav you want more . 
as a result , they all seem rather pointless ( although there 's a brief role given to michael pare from eddi and the cruiser which turn out to be hi best role sinc . . . 
well sinc eddi and the cruiser ) . 
perhap the virgin suicid would have work had the stori not been told from the point of view of peopl who had veri littl access to the main charact . 
we never get ani signific insight into the girl and whi they might be feel what they 're feel . 
all we realli know is that mr . lisbon ( kathleen turner ) is strict and keep them on a short leash . 
what mother doe n't ? 
it 's certainli no reason to commit suicid . 
with the godfath part iii , sofia coppola prove that she had no busi be in front of the camera . 
with the virgin suicid , she prove she ha no busi behind it either . 
have famili connect doe n't entitl you to be allow to make movi . 
so attent film director . . . 
stop let your daughter pout their way into the industri . 
just becaus they share your dna doe n't mean they share your talent . 
[ r ] 
