by phil curtolo `` madonna - antonio bandera - jonathan price - in an alan parker film - with music from andrew lloyd weber - and lyric by tim rice - evita . `` 
now i have to admit , the trailer for thi rock-opera-turned-major motion pictur is almost breath-tak for some . 
the soundtrack is wonder to listen to . 
so whi would n't the movi be wonder to see . 
simpl , a littl over 2 hour of constant sing can almost drive you insan . 
the stori of eva duart ( madonna ) , evita is full of drama that 's trap insid by all the note and chord . 
she wa an orphan child who end up becom a hooker , then goe into the field of act , and final meet juan peron ( price ) , the soon-to-b first presid of argentina . 
they fall in love and eventu marri . 
sound pretti good , doe n't it . 
well the stori get better , as eva goe on the `` rainbow tour `` across europ , tri to win respect . 
eva duart wa a wonder ladi . 
howev , all of the drama-pack moment abov were never understood becaus the actor and actress sang to fast to be understood . 
i went into theater 4 at magic cinema with the attitud that evita wa go to be terribl bore and i left with happi , becaus i wa right . 
they onli thing that kept me awak dure the movi wa the loud bang of the drum and strum of the guitar . 
although it did come off as dull , the beauti cinematographi is eye-catch , as wa madonna 's perform . 
as the `` spiritu leader of argentina , `` madonna would have definit been an oscar-contend had she spoken a singl line . 
but her chanc wa taken away with the stubborn of make an exact replica of the broadway music a film . 
do n't get me wrong and do n't look at my grade . 
i am not a big fan of music on the big screen . 
if you 're go to pay to see a movi , you want to see a movi . 
now i have to admit , it 's a lot cheaper to pay $ 5 than $ 200 plu to see the play , but that 's what did me in . 
all thi review contain is my opinion and my grade wa set befor i even saw the movi . 
now you may be say , `` what kind of critic is he ? , `` 
and you 're right . 
as a critic , i should have given the movi a chanc . 
but as a 17-year old quentin tarantino fan , it wa way too hard . 
, 
