i feel sorri for the financi backer of `` waterworld , `` which is supposedli the most expens film ever made ( at $ 172 million ! ) , and is also one of the stupidest - boy did they get rip off ! 
in fact , thi film is not realli a movi , but more of an amus park ride with a plot . 
it 's not even just anoth case of clich strung togeth ( well , it is that too ) , it 's someth that 's pain to watch becaus it relish in it flaw . 
kevin costner star as a man who is some kind of mutant half man/half fish . 
he is an explorer/marin on an altern earth that is complet cover by water becaus the polar ice cap melt . 
he 's refer to as the marin , but they `` the meaner `` would have been a more appropri titl becaus he 's cold , rigid , and strict - and he 's suppos the be the good guy ! 
he dock at a small float villag of sort . 
he trade dirt for money and thi introduc us to the other import charact . 
first we meet one of the villain , then the soon-to-b heroin , a child prodigi , a wacki inventor , and a group of primit peopl that somehow have some of the technolog we have today , but also some of the low-tech tool use by pirat and vike . 
immedi the film 's biggest flaw is appar : are these peopl primit or highli advanc ? 
it doe n't seem like anyon can read yet they have ski-doo and airplan ! 
how are these thing power ? 
and if they have airplan , could n't they just keep fli until they reach dri land ? 
also , if the planet is complet cover in water where did they get the materi to make these thing ? 
i 'm sorri , i 'm all for check your brain at the door when go to the movi , but element like these can not go unnot becaus they draw our attent away from the stori and confus us . 
there wa potenti here for a good pirat stori set in mediev time befor modern technolog , so whi mix the two togeth ? 
it doe n't make ani sens . 
there realli is n't much of a plot here becaus the stori move so quickli it never take time to explain anyth . 
the onli thing we learn is that the prodigi child , enola ( mojorino ) , ha a tattoo on her back that is supposedli a map to `` dryland . `` 
who put the tattoo there and how come it ha taken them thi long to figur thi out ? 
we never get an answer , just a stupid action movi about whoever can get the girl will be the victor of sort if they reach dryland . 
to make a long , bore , stupid , and just plain bad stori short ; the marin escap with a woman name helen ( tripplehorn ) and enola . 
they sail for a long time , encount some strang peopl in the process and fight off `` the smoker `` as lead by the idiot villain deacon ( hopper ) , who kidnap enola . 
the stori becom a overli grand adventur with the marin take on an armi of goon , rescu enola , and bring them all to salvat ( how origin ) . 
even with all it special effect , action , and adventur thi film is bore . 
not a singl charact is likabl , therefor neither is the plot . 
denni hopper complet rip off jack nicholson 's joker , while costner just plain rip . 
still , `` waterworld `` is profession made with a good product design and an origin idea but no substanc to it . 
i just hope they do n't make a sequel ! 
