filmmak will use all manner of trick to flesh out and brighten up a dull , dreari , and overus idea . 
doug liman ( swinger ) , director of the ultra-hip and sever dark comedi go , is an exampl of just such a filmmak . 
in hi latest , he give the viewer a raucou , neon-lit backdrop as cinematograph and point the audienc down a drug-infest path of misadventur as director . 
but he fail to come up with ani parallel structur in hi multi-ti movi and he fail to connect with the audienc on ani level , bring the worth of hi effort to nil and the valu of go to about the same . 
hi movi is produc anthology-styl -- tell the same stori from multipl ( three ) point of view , much as an author might write a serial novel . 
consist with thi ethic , liman and screenwrit john august provid a bit of an overlap at the begin of each narr and insert brief connect to other narr . 
the thread that lace the three stori togeth is a drug deal and the event thereaft . 
in stori a we have checkout clerk ronna ( sarah polley ) look to score some rent money and turn to drug traffick to do it ; in stori b we have regular drug dealer simon ( desmond askew ) gone to la vega give ronna her opportun ; and in stori c we have gay soap actor zack ( jay mohr ) and adam ( scott wolf ) work undercov for the polic to bust said drug deal . 
neither of the three stori have much substanc , and the movi ha the feel of a campfir stori ( albeit a rather strang one ) that could be told in five to ten minut . 
( in fact , the movi wa origin a short film entitl x expand to featur length . ) 
the earli april releas date is too mistim to capit on the movi 's christma set , and the lo angeles/la vega nightlif is someth too far from the mainstream for most theater-go to attach themselv to . 
the charact are shallow to the point of prerequisit , and perform from little-known player like polley , askew , and tay digg do n't help or hurt the role . 
in fact , even bigger name like mohr , wolf , and kati holm do n't have enough time to make substanti success . 
although that 's almost expect for lack of continu screen time , the success in the pictur should come from a thread that bind the stori . 
go doe n't have thi , and it suffer becaus of it . 
as far as teen movi are concern , go repres the absolut bottom , for it constant stream of indecipher light and sound mean noth without some sort of common theme . 
( the follow do not count as common theme : drug deal , peopl attempt to have romant interlud with drug dealer , peopl resort to drug deal for alterior motiv , or peopl not involv in drug deal stumbl into them . ) 
at time , the humor in go is sickli funni , and on a low night , almost watchabl ; but for the major of it run time and for most viewer , thi movi will best be left to teen at blockbust on a saturday night . 
