sometim , when i decid to write a short stori or a poem , i think of a titl first , and then think of a subject to go with it . 
it seem that the maker of disturb behavior had a similar train of thought when it came to the titl sequenc . 
i would n't be surpris if a coupl of guy got togeth and creat the open credit , and then someon saw it and made up a stori to go along with it . 
the titl sequenc is so good , so omin and origin , that it had me engross befor the pictur even began . 
of cours , my attent dwindl shortli into the film . 
disturb behavior , like so mani thriller , start off interest and end up laughabl ridicul . 
it 's a teen horror film with no interest violenc or sex . 
it 's a suspens film with no suspens . 
it 's an evil small town stori with no stori to speak of . 
it 's a disast , a listless and uninspir disast , that just bare miss one-stardom becaus of a few good sequenc , a merci short run time , and one terrif set of open credit . 
our main man is a fellow name steve clark , blandli play by jimmi marsden . 
he move to a small town with hi famili after , tragic , hi brother shoot himself . 
steve is veri upset about the untim death of hi brother ; we learn thi through strang home-video like nightmar that he ha occasion . 
the big trial for steve is , of cours , to fit in at school and make new friend . 
marsden look like your stereotyp jock down to the last detail , so he seem a poor cast choic for a social reject . 
as a social reject , he fall in with some pretenti dope-smok philosoph , gavin ( nick stahl ) and rachel ( kati holm ) . 
gavin inform steve that the local group of jock , known as the blue ribbon , are actual a bunch of zombi , assimil new member into their group , while sporad kill innoc peopl . 
so , it 's up to our group of mismatch protagonist to 1 ) solv the mysteri , and 2 ) do someth about it . 
by the end of it all , someth ha happen and thing have been explain , but the film still doe n't make ani sens . 
disturb behavior wa written by scott rosenberg . 
i 've seen hi name around recent ( he wa one of the toucher-upp on the armageddon script ) , and i imagin that , for the most part , he know what he 's do when it come to screenwrit . 
he did , howev , have a complet laps in judgement when he got the idea for thi film , and then decid to actual take the time to write it out . 
evil small town film are pretti common ( the last one , phantom , is also a dismal failur ) , but it take a lot of skill to make the formula work . 
rosenberg 's script is a complet mess , lack in even the most basic attempt at character . 
and it make no sens , nor is their ani purpos when thing are final `` explain . `` 
there is suppos to be an element of surpris when we see what is happen to the jock , but the film never explain exactli what * is * happen . 
they get strap to chair , a microchip is insert into their eye , and -- poof -- they becom sex-craz , superviol , machine-lik creatur . 
the doctor respons for all thi , dr . caldicott ( bruce greenwood ) , must be pretti nut for think that thi kind of behavior is a step up from the way high school jock actual behav ( or , perhap , thi is the onli realist element in the film ) . 
much of the write is simpli bad , and rosenberg ha no intuit when it come to the way high school kid act . 
in one terribl scene , gavin explain to steve all of the high school cliqu , while point them out in the cafeteria . 
up front , i should say that , in four year of high school , i did not eat in the cafeteria even onc . 
that asid , the variou social group he point out are gener , uninterest , and poorly-shown . 
for instanc , he point to the `` nerd , `` who are all wear glass and play with their laptop . 
it 's such an obviou clich that i ca n't believ rosenberg even bother . 
most of the dialogu is forc ( no one say , `` bite me ! `` 
anymor ) , and none of the scene have ani degre of wit . 
thi pictur is not inspir , and most scene flop from one to the other , with no sens of momentum or energi . 
the blame for thi can be place on director david nutter , who appar like hi film dri . 
horror film should at least exploit violenc , but thi one is shockingli timid . 
there are a few good scene , though , such as an interest trip through an insan asylum ( thi is , howev , the most forc scene in the film , for how our hero get there or whi they bother are thing we never learn ) . 
i also like the school janitor charact , play by william sadler . 
he ha a few line that are surprisingli thought-provok . 
the act is larg a wast of talent . 
marsden is , as i said , bland ( thought not particularli bad ) . 
bruce greenwood is shamelessli wast . 
stahl and holm both show they have talent , but the direct is n't good enough to hone in on their skill ( stahl 's perform seem more like a parodi of high school pothead ) . 
none of these charact expand beyond their one dimens , and , frankli , watch cardboard cut-out of human be run down hallway while scream just is n't all that cool . 
disturb behavior is a wreck of a film , and it start out a wreck befor shoot even began . 
i 'm surpris there were produc who read thi script and thought that it would make a good film , or that it would make a lot of money at the box offic . 
it 's not bore , or even blatantli aw , but it 's an uninspir lump of a film . 
it sure start off nice , but the regress into total absurd is so consist that the veri last scene is outright laughabl . 
so , if you go to see thi film , take my advic : appreci the credit sequenc , and pray it never end . 
