synopsi : sullen juli jame , still haunt by nightmar of the killer ben willi from i know what you did last summer , perk up when her new best friend karla wilson win a trip for four to the bahama . 
arriv at the start of the hurrican season , juli and karla run around in veri tight cloth and realiz they 've walk into a trap set by the rainslick slasher with a huge hook for a hand . 
comment : i may be show some pop cultur illiteraci here , but i have never seen an episod of the fox tv seri `` parti of five . `` 
i am onli vagu awar of the show 's premis , and my knowledg of it come from brief commerci i half-paid attent to while watch the tube . 
`` parti of five , `` i do know howev , seem to be the start ground for actress in the teen horror genr . 
neve campbel , scream queen of the 90 and star of scream , scream 2 , and the craft , is a regular of the show . 
so too is jennif love hewitt . 
lo and behold , follow in the footstep of campbel , hewitt now ha a horror franchis of her own : the i know what you did last summer line . 
though the origin film , releas last year , wa watchabl enough , thi insipid sequel had me look at the theater 's glow red exit sign longingli throughout . 
jennif love hewitt is a veri good-look young lead ladi ; howev , unlik neve campbel , hewitt struggl with act . 
she just is n't convinc in thi film ( and she wa n't in the origin either ) . 
thi put mani young male , includ myself , in a paradox quandari : she 's veri attract , but the annoy , spoil , valley girl-typ charact she tri to play here is annoy to the extrem and ruin mani of the scene which emphas , exploit , her figur . 
add to the mix the equal pleasant yet irrit brandi , anoth rise teen tv star , and you get one frustrat male audienc . 
i 've spent so much time on hewitt and brandi for a reason . 
i still know what you did last summer , though cash in on the success of the origin , ultim serv as a vehicl for these two young actress . 
noth els here is origin or interest . 
thi movi , in fact , make other recent so-so horror film like urban legend and john carpent 's vampir seem like stun work of high art . 
i still know reli heavili on tire slasher film clich : an isol locat , a storm , parentless teenag , fals alarm nightmar , lot of blue-light dark scene , a garb slasher who walk around in the background without the charact see him , knive and other sharp instrument lie around everywher , etc . you get the pictur . 
the entir audienc know all the secondari charact introduc in the film are go to receiv the busi end of the killer 's hook . 
they may as well have huge target paint on them . 
like scream and it numer knockoff , these secondari charact are suppos to serv as comic relief . 
unfortun , i still know 's charact are n't all that funni . 
in particular , one charact , a chain-weed-smok guy , is obnoxi annoy and certainli doe n't die soon enough . 
the death scene , by the way , are rel violent for a theatric releas horror film . 
sever of them are uncomfort to watch , and they remind me of the sicken gore scene in hellrais : bloodlin , a truli sadist movi . 
thi , too , did not help the suppos humor i still know wa shoot for . 
and what is the deal with the slasher himself ? 
i know that the slasher film is not a particularli intellig genr , but ben willi ha got to go down as one of the most silli slasher in mainstream horror . 
come on , the guy look like the gorton 's fisherman , and hi gruff voic make him sound like a disney pirat . 
though hi lightning-lit appear ellicit much-need laughter in the theater , hi appear border on the absurd in the horror film , and that 's * realli * say someth . 
so , all that 's left to talk about here is jennif love hewitt and brandi . 
both pranc about in tightfit , reveal outfit or in variou state of undress , yet neither of them ever actual do a nude scene . 
hewitt , howev , doe do a post-show scene in which her thin bathrob is quit . 
. 
. titil . 
thi scene alon made thi one-star turkey earn two star under my rate system . 
otherwis , hewitt and brandi both grate on the nerv . 
earli in the film , for instanc , brandi win the trip to the bahama . 
she and hewitt jump around and scream and screech for what seem like forev . 
i need extra-strength tylenol after that part . 
oh , and the film 's conclus , talk about repetit ! 
peopl who saw i know what you did last summer will predict i still know 's end at least 5 minut befor it happen . 
bore ! 
i saw thi movi with my brother at the local downtown movi theater . 
admiss is onli one dollar on wednesday , and we often go see bad movi on these day just to ridicul them . 
it 's usual a fun thing to do along with the rest of the audienc , who do n't seem to mind particip in a mass `` mysteri scienc theater 3000 `` -type view . 
i still know what you did last summer , howev , produc sever lengthi uncomfort silenc from the audienc , underscor how bad it * realli * is . 
if it were n't for the main actress ' reveal wardrob , i 'd have had a veri , veri hard time sit through thi lame sequel . 
i ca n't imagin tri to watch it on video ( horror film seem 10 time better in a theater becaus they reli heavili on audienc particip ) and would n't recommend it to peopl , unless they 're horror film fanat or huge fan of hewitt and brandi . 
i read on a websit somewher that anoth sequel is alreadi in the work . 
what a depress thought . 
hewitt appar need to spend more time on tv figur out how to act . 
rate r , thi film contain lot of violenc , sever gori scene , and a coupl nubil , horni teenag -- though the sex act itself is alway thwart . 
i 'd say thi is unsuit for kid , but teen would n't have a problem sit through it , especi sinc they obvious compos the film 's target audienc . 
