note : some may consid portion of the follow text to be spoiler . 
be forewarn . 
to assess alex cox 's film the winner as a loser would be so indol . 
it would be deris . 
it would be glib . 
it would be dismiss . 
it would be entir accur . 
rare have i seen a film as excruciatingli annoy as the winner , a would-b comedi which quickli prove to be tediou , unfunni , and unengag . 
the film attempt to be fresh and quirki , utilis a myriad of colour charact to weav it absurd tale , but appear to overlook the fact that nobodi in the film is remot interest and that all of the charact are essenti preposter . 
the film is set in la vega , and the focu in the winner is on philip ( vincent d'onofrio ) , an aloof , naiv young man bless with the odd gift of luck ; he virtual can not lose at the tabl . 
despit thi prodigi talent , philip is perpetu mourn and quit indiffer about hi gambl fortun , neither take joy in hi win nor have the foresight to mask hi abil . 
consequ , he becom an easi target for those who would ride upon hi coattail and take advantag of hi talent . 
louis ( rebecca demornay ) , a sultri loung singer , insinu herself into philip 's life for the purpos of swindl him , while philip 's estrang brother ( and , conveni , louis 's ex-beau ) johnni ( michael madsen ) arriv on the scene . 
( to add some colour , johnni also happen to be tote their father 's corps , san one hand . ) 
meanwhil , philip is also befriend by a trio of low-rent , opportunist ( frank whaley , billi bob thornton , and richard edson ) , who have everi intent of take advantag of their new buddi 's gift with the dice . 
seren overlook the chao from behind the scene is the casino owner ( delroy lindo ) ; it is probabl not give away much to reveal that hi role in the winner is essenti that allud to at the end of the flashi sequenc in martin scorses 's casino which detail the organ hierarchi of a casino 's oper - he * is * the eye in the sky . 
it could be madden to endur a film whose central protagonist is so oblivi of the ongo blatant manipul , but fortun thi is not the case in the winner , if onli becaus our sadsack hero is such a sap ; not even remot sympathet or compel , it becom imposs to root for philip or even care about hi fate , and the would-b swindler of philip 's fortun are all drawn out as such ludicr , transpar buffoon with entir unimagin and uninterest scheme that one watch the winner with a complet sens of disinterest . 
it is a shame , as the winner featur a talent cast - mr . d'onofrio is an underr and gift actor with a huge rang ; mr . lindo ha a remark screen presenc which infiltr everi film in which he appear ; mr . madsen , ms . demornay , and mr . whaley have all done good work in the past . 
none of the actor in the winner are in top form here , and thi film wo n't like be a prize addit to their respect resum . 
director alex cox doe what he can with wendi riss ' screenplay , and it is to hi credit that thi film at no point feel like an adapt of a stage play ; i wa startl to learn that the winner wa in fact base upon one . 
while tediou , the film is well-pac and doe not meander , but it would be near-imposs task for mr . cox ( or , for that matter , virtual ani other director that come to mind ) to overcom the film 's widespread shortcom in plot and character . 
to hi credit , my understand is that he ha chosen to distanc himself from the project in acknowledg of it defici . 
i caught the winner at it world premier at the toronto intern film festiv in septemb 1996 , and in fair it is entir possibl that the film ha been extens revamp sinc then due to the lacklustr audienc reaction gener - there were more walkout on thi film than ani of the other i screen . 
to be honest , though , i could n't begin to isol what could be done to thi film to improv it - i assum that throw the whole thing out and start over is out of the question . 
the winner ha appar play on cabl televis in the unit state and is begin a limit theatric releas at the time of thi write . 
the film ha a nice upbeat score by pray for rain , but i am honestli not be faceti when i state that the thing i treasur most about my screen of the winner wa the bag of popcorn upon which i wa munch . 
