writer/director lawrenc kasdan had a hand in pen some of the biggest film success of the 1980 . 
ye , that 's right , he co-wrot raider of the lost ark ( 9/10 ) , the empir strike back ( 8 . 5/10 ) and return of the jedi ( 8/10 ) . 
now with thi film , it look as though he ha decid to test hi skill at mediocr screenwrit and bland direct . 
and guess what ? 
he succe onc again ! 
plot : a man with a shadi and regrett past decid to run away and into a small american town , where he pretend to be a licens psychologist to an open-arm swarm of peopl with problem . 
it is n't long befor he befriend the small-town billionair , folk becom suspici and he fall for one of hi own patient . 
critiqu : thi film is not a comedi ! 
it is a drama . 
i say thi right up front becaus from the look of the trailer , you would think that thi film secur it base in humor , but unfortun for us , it doe not . 
it is a seriou film ( serious flaw if you ask me , but i digress ) which offer a coupl of witti quip to keep you awak , but overal , just sit there . 
now on to my review . 
thi movi suck becaus it wa slow and bore , star an uninterest protagonist with an unbeliev past , includ extrem dull patient whose problem left me indiffer at best and piss at worst , and certifi it all with mani a predict end . 
i have no idea what lawrenc kasdan wa tri to accomplish with thi pictur , but whatev it wa . . . he 
miss ! 
anyon without hi name could never have made thi film becaus it is an extrem gener puff-piec , which on a good day , might be describ as predict digest . 
it 's no wonder that the studio is tri to sell it as a comedi ! 
it suck as a drama , and bore my movi cohort right to sleep . 
i 've given it four point on four extrem shallow yet distinguish mark . 
first of all , i could n't help but think about how much the lead actor , loren dean , look like a young charl grodin . 
he even act like him , save for the dri , sardon wit . 
thi kept me interest in watch him at least . 
number two , and thi one is realli shallow ( seem to be gear that way as well ) , there were quit a few `` titshot `` , as they would say back in high school . 
and god help me if i ca n't get enough of those in an aimless drama . 
and three , and thi one surpris me the most , actor ted danson 's cameo ( ye , he will alway be sam malon to us real fan ! ) wa the best part about thi movi and actual made me see him as a differ person . 
a differ asshol , but a differ person nonetheless . 
if ever you rent thi movi one day ( promis you wo n't throw away your hard-earn money at the theater ? ! ) , 
wait for hi scene becaus it 's actual pretti good . 
other than that , drab , drab , drab and drab . 
even jason lee , a person favorit of mine , wa left out to dri with lame dialogu and one of the phoniest romanc to hit the big screen in a while . 
well , at least he final `` came out `` and did some real skateboard in thi movi ! 
oh yeah , and i guess that 's the fourth point in my rate . 
anyway , if you enjoy watch bore patient babbl on about their bore problem to an uninterest psychologist . . . thi 
film 's your bag ! 
otherwis , skip it and see analyz thi ( 8/10 ) again . . . now 
there 's a great shrink movi ! 
littl known fact about thi film and it star : `` three 's compani `` fan alert ! ! ! 
terri from the tv show , also known as actress priscilla barn , play a small but pivot part as the landladi in thi film . 
the scene is actual a fantasi sequenc and doe featur cleavag , so stay tune , kid ! 
also , it is to note that the actress wa onc name `` penthous pet of the month `` in march of 1976 . 
she wa known as one joann witti back then . 
she 's origin from jersey . 
who the hell is loren dean , the dude who play mumford in thi film ? 
you got me , but all i know is that he wa born in la vega in 1969 and play the charact of billi bathgat in the 1991 film of the same name . 
jason lee wa born in the state of california in the year of 1971 . 
he wa a profession skateboard befor hi act career took off after mallrat ( 6/10 ) , and even own hi own skateboard compani call stereo manufactur corp . he 's been in everi kevin smith film except for clerk ( 8 . 5/10 ) . 
listen close and you will hear the pharmacist in thi film ( the balloon actor formerli known as pruit taylor vinc ) make a refer to the `` lost ark `` , which is obvious an in-jok , consid that it is the writer/director of thi film , lawrenc kasdan , who co-wrot raider of the lost ark ( 9/10 ) . 
kasdan also play the part of dr . green in 1997 's as good as it get ( 8/10 ) . 
ted danson also play the role of lawyer peter lowenstein in kasdan 's 1981 directori debut bodi heat star a sexi kathleen turner and william hurt . 
