ladi and gentlemen , payback is the most expens episod of `` the equal `` i 've ever seen . 
gibson play porter , a burglar shot and left for dead by hi wife ( deborah kara unger , in an all-too-brief cameo ) and partner ( henri ) after a success heist . 
as a morgu attend set about remov the bullet from porter 's back , porter miracul spring back to life . 
he make it hi mission , as a walk dead man without a conscienc , to exact reveng on those who screw him and reclaim hi share of the loot . 
( in a run gag , porter demand $ 70 000 , but everybodi mishear him and assum he 's after the entir $ 130 000 haul . ) 
in hi travel ( or travail ) , porter encount sever other one-nam villain cretin like fairfax ( jame coburn as a white-hair , millionair thief ) and carter ( kristofferson , as a brown-hair , millionair thief-th kingpin of the obligatori `` oper `` ) . 
helgeland 's film ( which wa recut by mel the produc ) is devoid of an imper dime store charm . 
the novelti of see a big movi star mercilessli dispatch crimin wear off quickli : a ) becaus the bad guy can onli be differenti by their coif , and b ) becaus mel 's schtick doe n't evolv from act one-h 's the termin strand in a plot without a sci-fi hook to keep us interest after the initi sadist thrill is gone . 
payback should have been call playback : it 's a 102-minut loop of the same short sequenc . 
( mel : `` i want my money . `` 
anonym villain : `` no . `` 
mel shoot gun . 
anonym villain die . 
mel meet up with hi hooker friend ( bello ) . 
second vers , same as the first . ) 
it 's not porter 's single-minded that rob the film of snap , crackl , and pop ; as a charact who ha alreadi `` die `` onc , he ha noth to lose and so much to gain . 
the movi lack danger . 
the onli thing porter is in jeopardi of is put the audienc to sleep . 
payback ha a gritti , metal look to it that also becom monoton ; it cinematographi would be more appropri in one of those bleak urban psychodrama that come out of england everi coupl of month . 
( director of photographi ericson core should have been fire earli on for light bello , so va-va-va-voom in perman midnight , to look like a potato in a gregg allman wig . ) 
to analyz such mediocr is to grant payback far more attent than it deserv . 
perhap onli someon as experienc with antagonists-as-protagonist as tarantino-look what he did with the similar hero-less botched-robberi tale reservoir dogs-could have pull off thi materi ( a loos remak of john boorman 's point blank ) . 
the movi present us with the convent of pulp fiction ( all women are femm fatal ; even the cop are in on it , etc . ) and cross them with the convent of cheesi tv crime melodrama ( death is never in the card for the main charact , etc . ) but transcend neither . 
