i 'll be the first to admit it . 
when you mention the book great expect , i immedi begin experienc flashback to junior high english class , where i wa confront with a tortur bore book fill with peopl with such nonsens name as pip and magwitch . 
ye , it 's a classic of literatur , but it wa a rather dri one , shove down my young throat like a spoon of bitter medicin . 
certainli , the experi wa n't truli that bad , but , to quot ethan hawk in the latest movi adapt of said book , `` i 'm not go to tell the stori the way it happen . . . i 'll 
gon na tell it the way i rememb it . `` 
anyway , to return from nostalgia lane , and get back to the present , hollywood , in it 's trendi attempt to modern the classic , now present an updat film version of great expect . 
instead of pip , thi time the central charact is name finn ( play as a boy by jeremi kissner , and by ethan hawk as an adult ) . 
finn is an orphan be rais by hi unfaith sister maggi , or should that be mr . joe , ( kim dicken ) , and her boorish fisherman husband , joe ( chri cooper ) . 
the set is the florida coast dure the mid-70 . 
finn is a bloom artist , and spend hi time run around the beach draw fish ( one of hi two favorit subject ) . 
dure one of these escapad , he liter stumbl upon an escap crimin ( robert deniro ) . 
borrow a page from the superhuman max cadi , deniro 's crimin ha a seemingli limitless lung capac , and favor hide on the ocean floor . 
ok . . . mayb 
that 's an exagger , but he certainli beat ani of houdini 's record in the open scene of the film . 
and that 's noth next to the fuel effici of finn 's motorboat , but i digress . 
anyway , finn doe the convict a good deed , just to show that he 's a realli swell guy . 
and then the plot move on . 
enter miss havisham . . . or 
ms . dinsmoor here ( ann bancroft ) . 
abandon at the altar some 26 year ago , ms . dinsmoor is the epitom of the crazi rich old maid . 
with bizarr cloth , eccentr manner and a few pound of makeup , ann bancroft serious overact in thi role . 
although she end up nowher near a believ charact , she doe add some humor to the film . 
joe is hire to help with the garden at her unkempt manner , but the insan ms . dinsmoor soon hire finn to be a playth for her niec , estella ( raquel beauden as a young girl , gwyneth paltrow as an adult ) . 
for no appar reason , other than to provid the main plot of the film , finn is instantli stricken for the estella . 
perhap it 's her snooti attitud or her utter disdain for hi person , or mayb finn ha simpli never met a girl befor . 
in ani case , neither as children nor adult , chemistri simpli doe n't exist between the two , and yet finn spend the remaind of the film pine for her . 
even when , as an adult , finn arriv in new york at the behest of a mysteri benefactor , reacquaint himself with estella , and draw her portrait in the nude , there 's noth . 
in fact , there is more sexual tension between helen hunt and greg kinnear 's gay artist dure a similar scene in as good as it get . 
at thi point , the audienc ha grown as cold and detach as estella 's charact , and could n't care less about the two charact . 
the bulk of the blame here fall upon gwyneth paltrow . 
she fail to imbu estella , a remot charact in the book , with even the vaguest trace of human . 
there 's obvious someth wrong when , watch the film , you 're more interest with how big her nose look in silhouett than you are about her charact . 
without a strong estella , finn 's obsess seem baseless . 
you wish he would just stop whine , let estella marri hi rival , walter plane ( an oddli subdu hank azaria ) , and just get on with hi life . 
in fact , the two relationship that work in the film are pure tangenti to the main plot . 
finn 's relationship with hi brother-in-law , joe , is interest , if a bit stereotyp . 
what 's more fascin are hi interact with deniro . 
although it 's onli a bit part , it goe to show how much vital a strong actor can creat . 
it is appar that director alfonso cuarsn put a lot of work in creat the imageri of the film . 
some of the shot work , but other are too obvious stage ( for exampl , both of the water fountain scene ) to have ani impact . 
finn 's art ( actual the creation of italian painter , francesco clement ) is use throughout the film , but it mostli fail to have the intend effect . 
we never see whi finn would gener thi style of art , which is simultan crude and insight . 
as a result , it end up as distant as the rest of the film . 
modern the classic is current in vogu ( just see william shakespear 's romeo+juliet ) . 
simpli updat the action to a modern set , and appli plenti of modern rock . 
but such adorn do littl to perk up great expect . 
as much as i dread the novel when i first read it , you 'd probabl be better off suffer though a read than watch thi romanceless film . 
