tri-star ; rate r ( languag , sexual situat , violenc ) ; 87 minut 
director and writer : darren stein 
cast : rose mcgowan , rebecca gayheart , judi greer , juli benz , chad christ , ethan erickson , carol kane , pam grier , tatyana m . ali . 
review by : geoff berkshir 
jawbreak is the veri definit of a `` rip-off . `` 
thi uninspir teen comedi take equal part carri ( 1976 ) , heather ( 1989 ) and clueless ( 1995 ) and mix in all the necessari teen movi clich ? s . 
along the way writer/director darren stein forget to give the film a life of it own . 
the film open with a voic over from geeki fern mayo ( judi greer ) about the four most popular girl at reagan high : courtney shayn ( rose mcgowan ) who can basic be sum up as satan in heel , juli freeman ( rebecca gayheart ) a good girl with the face of a supermodel , marci fox ( juli benz ) a dim-wit blond who demand that peopl call her `` foxi `` , and liz purr ( charlott roldan ) an angel in disguis . 
liz is everyon 's favorit becaus she 's both beauti and kind . 
liz is about to turn 17 and , as a prank , courtney convinc the other girl to help her in kidnap liz on her birthday morn . 
in order to keep liz from make ani nois courtney stuff a jawbreak into her mouth befor they gag her . 
they then stuff liz in the trunk of courtney 's car but when they open it later , polaroid camera wait to captur the moment , their live will never be the same : poor liz ha swallow the jawbreak and choke to death with it lodg in her throat ( the audienc is treat to a few too mani graphic look at liz 's dead bodi ) . 
courtney , think fast , decid to pass the death off as a rape/murd and marci and a reluct juli assist her . 
thing get complic when fern discov what the three girl are up to . 
in order to keep her quiet courtney come up with anoth plan and transform geeki fern into `` vylett `` , hope that she will also help to replac liz in the mind of the devast student . 
up until about thi point the film is effect enough . 
howev , an investig begin into liz 's death and the film becom excess dull . 
the recent rediscov talent of pam grier are thoroughli wast in the role of detect vera cruz and the film is downright insipid in it treatment of both the charact and the audienc dure thi long middl stretch . 
courtney 's plan to frame a sleazi guy ( marilyn manson , in a brief cameo ) is never believ for a second . 
meanwhil , the audienc is stuck watch a string of random event which fail to develop the charact or add anyth of interest to the plot . 
juli leav the group and begin a lame romanc with aspir actor zack ( chad christ ) . 
he appar give her the courag to turn on courtney but the way thing develop onli make juli look stupid . 
fern 's rise to popular is equal lame . 
we do get the best scene in the film ( the onli one with a spark of origin ) dure thi section . 
it 's a smart and subvers bit where courtney get the high school 's resid jock stud dane ( ethan erickson ) to demonstr , use a popsicl , exactli what he would like for her to do to him . 
it at least provid us with a look at courtney 's person but the way the scene finish doe n't make ani sens . 
stein is veri consciou of the teen movi tradit he is work in and not onli freeli borrow major plot element but also includ direct acknowledg of thi with some stunt cast . 
william katt and p . j . sole ( student in carri ) are liz 's distraught parent , jeff conaway ( from greas ( 1978 ) ) is juli 's creepi singl dad and carol kane ( the frighten babysitt in when a stranger call ( 1979 ) ) camp it up as princip miss sherman . 
at time jawbreak feel simpli like teen cinema 's greatest hit but the audienc is cheat with water down interpret of the best thi genr ha to offer . 
the onli notabl aspect of jawbreak is the incred stylish look . 
the costum design by vicki brinkford and the product design by jerri fleme are both bright and vivid . 
they were appar instruct to work from the color palett of a jawbreak and the screen is alway splash with bit of vibrant color . 
director of photographi ami vicent , who beauti lens eve 's bayou ( 1997 ) , doe a remark job here as well . 
shot composit and camera movement is consist impress . 
perform are mostli sub-par with mcgowan provid onli a few good moment ( compar with her excel work in the doom gener ( 1995 ) and scream ( 1996 ) ) and gayheart make the biggest impress due to the sweet natur of her charact and her obviou beauti . 
none of the actor look as if they have set foot insid a high school within the last five year with the except of actress/sing tatyana ali , who ha a small role as a cheerlead . 
the male cast all resembl male model and are credit with name like `` auto stud , `` `` colleg stud , `` and `` high school stud # 2 . `` 
the soundtrack is decent and imperi teen 's catchi `` yoo hoo `` make a bigger impress than ani other aspect of the film . 
