kid today , they do n't just want to see heartthrob and master thespian freddi prinz jr . love on the ladi . 
no , they want to see him do someth that take a littl more in the act depart : name , play basebal . 
through a seri of drippi voiceov , we are inform that there 's no better prove ground for major leagu basebal than the cape cod summer basebal leagu , where colleg also-ran and hope dropout go to play in the hope of attract big leagu attent . 
our man freddi ha land a spot as a pitcher on the prestigi chatham a 's , where he is hope for hi big break . 
it 's onli after he is given ampl time to show off hi ab and scamper about in a woman 's thong ( do n't ask ) that we learn what the real stori of summer catch will be : that prinz is a poor towni name ryan dunn , struggl to make a name for himself ; that neither hi father ( fred ward ) nor brother ( jason gedrick ) pull themselv out of their blue collar job and resent anyon who tri ; and that the local beauti tenley -- tenley ! 
( jessica biel ) -- is so far out of hi leagu that he probabl should n't even bother . . . 
but of cours he make a play for her . 
summer catch also make an abort stab at anoth half a dozen subplot -- the jealousi of fellow towni and brazen slut dee dee ( brittani murphi ) , the alien felt by ryan 's non-basebal play best friend ( gabriel mann ) , or the fat chick fetish of fellow player mile ( marc bluca ) . 
worst of these is a ludicr bit involv that '70 show 's wilmer valderrama and beverli d'angelo , both of whom appear in the film simpli to provid a nutti mr . robinson-lik substori and to remind you of how much better done that wa in bull durham . 
in fact , virtual all of summer catch feel like it 's been done better somewher els . 
for starter , the film ha a major question of ident . 
it 's definit not a sport movi , and it fail pretti miser at be a romanc . 
the worst part is the amateurish script ( co-written by an arli $ $ write alumnu and a guy that star in leprechaun 3 ) , chock-ful of phoni emot . 
by the end , it all becom a platform for each charact to deliv a soliloquy to ryan that he must take to heart . 
dad is on hand to give fatherli yet drunken advic . 
coach ( brian dennehi , just love the fact that he 's got some work on the big screen ) is on hand to give the curmudgeonli counterpoint . 
ryan 's catcher ( matthew lillard , play himself again ) is on hand to tell ryan to `` play catch `` with him and make fun of the fat fetish guy . 
ryan 's stoner best friend is on hand to give the go-get-'em-tiger-we're-behind-y talk . 
and the girlfriend is on hand to give heartwarming-nuzzly-follow-your-dream counsel . 
befor long , you start to wonder : is freddi prinz jr . is capabl of have a thought of hi own ? 
do n't answer that . 
the onli real joy in the film is found in biel 's charact , and not just becaus of the skimpi outfit , which are also usual wet . 
she 's the onli one in the movi that is abl to do much with her role , take the rebelling-against-daddi charact to at least a pass grade . 
when she 's on screen , the time fli by . 
when she 's not , you realiz that for some ungodli reason thi movi is almost two hour long . 
for a pg-13 teen romanc ( despit near-const sexual innuendo ) , one ha to ask warner brother : what were you think ? ? ? 
for her part , biel ha fallen so far from her 7th heaven root that she ha almost becom denis richard . 
hollywood is either about to eat her aliv . . . 
or vice versa . 
either way , good luck , jessica . 
as for freddi , if he keep pump teen romanc out at the rate of two a year , prinz 's next `` summer catch `` is liabl to be a vener diseas . 
