`` you damn dirti ape ! `` 
that 's just one of the inadvertenti hilari line from planet of the ape that 's taken on a comed context over time . 
no one back then seem to realiz how over-the- top charlton heston 's act style wa , but it show now , particularli in thi `` mysteri scienc theater 3000 `` wannab that wa taken for a film masterpiec in it time , actual win one oscar ( for makeup , no less ) and be nomin for a coupl other . 
it also spawn multipl sequel like beneath the planet of the ape , escap from the planet of the ape , return of the planet of the ape , beneath the escap from the return of the planet of the ape , planet of the ape : the next gener , polic academi of the ape . . . 
the list goe on . 
heston is an american astronaut who spend a few thousand light year in space with hi three companion and end up on a planet not too dissimilar from earth . 
the thing is , on thi planet human ca n't talk or think and the guy in the gorilla mask are the domin speci . 
heston 's companion are kill or turn into veget by the apon is imprison . 
he surpris them all with hi gift of speech , make two primat scientist ( roddi mcdowal and kim hunter ) believ heston is the miss link between ape and man . 
believ me , we movi critic have been think the same thing for year . 
when the two ape present the idea befor a judici counsel ( the head ape be shakespearean actor mauric evan ) , it is receiv as heresi , for all good monkey know god `` creat ape in hi imag . `` 
but heston ha alreadi seen a cave that contain evid that human were origin the domin speci , befor ape ever gain the abil to speak and run for presid . 
and he take them there , hold up a babi doll and yell , `` if human could n't speak , then how do you account for thi talk doll ? ! `` 
and how do you account for your act abil , mr . heston ? 
the absolut most laughabl scene come with the movi 's surpris conclus . 
i wo n't reveal the detail except to say it involv heston fall to hi knee on a beach and yell `` god damn you all to hell ! `` 
sever time in success . 
the movi is atroci and should onli be view by those member of societi who like to watch bad movi and laugh at them . 
what make planet of the ape even more amus is that it wa suppos to function as some sort of social ironi , a condemn of fundament who reject the theori of evolut . 
but let me tell you , if darwin could see the ape mask and hear the rotten dialogu exchang ( heston [ to femal ape ] : may i kiss you befor i go ? 
ape : but . . . 
you 're so . . . 
ugli . ) , he 'd convert to creation on the spot . 
luckili for us , science-fict movi have evolv over time to the point at which some of them are actual good . 
