the real blond ( r ) a woman 's face , an arm , some pumped-up pector , blond hair , a man 's sad face , slender leg , a random hand here and there . 
as the open credit of tom dicillo 's the real blond unfold , these scatter , fractur glimps eventu come togeth to form the imag of a bikini brief-clad man on hi knee cling to a nurtur woman , hi head conceal her uncloth breast . 
if onli the rest of thi formless , aimless ensembl comedi assembl so coher . 
joe ( matthew modin ) is a waiter/struggl actor too proud to take gig in commerci or soap opera . 
he 's feel somewhat dissatisfi with hi relationship with hi live-in love , mari ( catherin keener ) , who hold some subconsci hostil toward the male gender . 
mari , a makeup artist , regularli work on model sahara ( bridgett wilson ) , who is obsess with the underli messag in disney 's the littl mermaid . 
the bottl blond ha a turbul on-again , off-again relationship with bob ( maxwel caulfield ) , a soap actor who yearn for the tast of a real blond , which he find in co-star kelli ( daryl hannah ) . 
as the film unspool , a varieti of other charact pass through : fashion photograph blair ( marlo thoma ) ; mari 's shrink ( buck henri ) and self-defens instructor ( deni leari ) ; joe 's cast agent ( kathleen turner ) and hardass boss ( christoph lloyd ) ; and a mysteri woman ( elizabeth berkley ) who keep on cross joe 's path . 
where exactli doe all thi go ? 
that 's a question best pose to writer-director dicillo , who doe n't appear to have the slightest clue himself . 
hi meander , larg unfunni script and direct are like hopelessli lost driver , turn into dead-end narr street onli to revers cours and hit anoth creativ cul-de-sac . 
and anoth . 
and anoth . 
at one point bob , frustrat with the soap script , complain to the head writer ( jim fyfe ) that hi and kelli 's charact keep on go in circl , with no hint of develop or growth . 
that is most certainli the case here . 
joe get a job and ultim botch thing ; he and mari bicker ; they make up , onli to have the pattern repeat itself . 
unhappi with hi bottl blond , bob get hi real blond but is unsatisfi ; he return to the faux and is still unsatisfi . 
if there is a point to all of thi , dicillo danc around it , spend hi time on appar digress that , as it turn out , are n't digress at all . 
the real blond is not without some amus . 
it doe have the occasion funni line and situat ; leari , henri , lloyd , steve buscemi , and dave chappel shine in their small role ; keener is a likabl , refreshingli earthi lead ; berkley 's appear is merci brief ( she receiv outrag promin bill and ad placement for a ten-minut role ) ; and there is the ironi of have caulfield play a wildli popular soap star who make the rate skyrocket ( last year , the actor wa fire from the daytim drama all my children after a scant six month -- due to lack of viewer interest ) . 
but on the whole , the real blond is a frustrat sit that live up to the stereotyp of it titl -- it may be glossi on the surfac , but there 's noth go on insid . 
( open februari 27 ) 
