senseless is a prime exampl of what can happen when you tri to push a one-jok concept a bit too far . 
director penelop spheeri is no stranger to thi , have subject audienc befor to such tortur as the beverli hillbilli . 
marlon wayan star as darryl witherspoon , a colleg senior vy for a lucr job at a promin brokerag . 
howev , he lack the advantag of hi chief opposit , scott thorp ( david spade , in the smarmi sort of role he can deliv in hi sleep ) : an athlet record , sponsorship by a fratern , and , most of all , a wealthi famili to back him up . 
in fact , darryl ha to work at four job simpli to make end meet . 
but there may be a light at the end of that tunnel . 
he sign up as a human guinea pig in a neurolog experi run by the univers 's dr . wheedon ( brad dourif ) . 
as a result , hi sens are magnifi tenfold . 
use hi newfound abil , he set himself in complet pursuit of the job ( unawar that there may be some disadvantag side-effect to have super sens ) . 
natur , marlon wayan play thi comedi at full throttl , give jim carrey-ish amount of physic humor . 
the problem is , asid from a few genuin inspir bit , there 's not much that 's funni here . 
the film ha it 's one central gag , and pad out the rest of it length with rather obviou lowbrow humor . 
there obvious wa n't much thought put into the plot . 
the entir job select process is complet ridicul . 
i mean , whi the emphasi on extra-curricular activ if the entir job is go to come down to a single-elimin quiz anyhow ? 
and is thi the onli job be offer to econom major thi semest ? 
to give it credit , senseless doe tri to creat a secondari joke with darryl 's roommat , tim laflour ( matthew lillard ) . 
appar , he is suppos to be faddish , but the film never doe anyth with him , leav him in a pierc phase throughout the movi . 
hi `` intervent `` scene with darryl , howev , do provid a rare , and welcom , laugh . 
and then there 's the love interest which is alway pathet tack onto comedi like thi one . 
in thi case , the object of darryl 's amor is janic ( tamara taylor ) , a fellow student who wo n't have anyth to do with darryl until he gain hi super-sens . 
needless to say , the romanc is complet extran , and add littl to the film . 
thi is a film that desper need someth els . 
be that a good plot , more joke ( or simpli funnier one ) , or a strong charact or two , anyth would have help senseless get off the ground . 
as it is , all the manic exuber mug in the world ca n't help marlon wayan get thi one off the ground . 
