i came to an epiphani while watch the bachelor , an innocuous-enough-on-the-surfac romant comedi . 
it 's not the sort of film in which one would expect to achiev ani moment of clariti , but there it wa nonetheless . 
i sat there watch thi marshmallow of a movi unfold when suddenli i realiz what is so ridicul wrong with the entir romant comedi genr circa 1999 . 
in a word , it 's the same thing that 's wrong with so mani movi circa 1999 : write . 
more to the point , it 's the refus to acknowledg that character matter when you 're tell a stori about a relationship . 
the bachelor is mere the latest in a long line of film where we 're expect to get dewy-ey over ani pair of attract , pleasant peopl just becaus they 're attract and pleasant . 
in thi particular case , attract and pleasant exhibit a is jimmi shannon ( chri o'donnel ) , a singl guy who ha been watch hi friend slowli but sure suck into marriag . 
it 's a scari notion for jimmi , even though he dearli love attract and pleasant exhibit b ann ( rene zellweg ) , hi girlfriend of three year . 
convinc despit hi reserv that it 's time to `` sh * t or get off the pot , `` jimmi propos to ann -- veri badli . 
ann refus , which leav jimmi in a veri odd posit when hi eccentr grandfath ( peter ustinov ) die and leav a veri specif video will . 
jimmi stand to inhereit $ 100 million if he is marri by 6 : 05 p . m . on hi 30th birthday , stay marri for 10 year and produc a child . 
there are onli a coupl of minor problem : 1 ) jimmi 's 30th birthday is the next day ; 2 ) ann is nowher to be found , mean jimmi ha to find anoth will bride from among hi mani ex-girlfriend . 
it 's a wacki , brewster 's millions-esqu premis ( acknowledg as such in one of the film 's better , more self-awar line of dialogu ) , the kind where a shallow and materialist guy learn what realli matter . 
at least that would be the case if jimmi were n't alreadi a world-class altruist . 
screenwrit steve cohen slide into the stori an even more draconian condit in the will : if jimmi doe n't get marri , not onli will he lose all the money , but the famili billiard tabl buis will be sold out from under him , cost hudr of job . 
from the outset , jimmi 's motiv is n't cash ; it 's the livelihood of hi devot employe . 
it 's almost embarrass for hi marit misgiv to play a role in the bachelor 's plot develop . 
by ani human standard , the guy is imposs selfless . 
and that 's the essenc of the gutless endem to film like the bachelor -- the fear of give the charact flaw to overcom on their way to happi . 
there 's never ani tension between the two star-cross lover , becaus there 's no sens that anyth remot signific is at stake . 
the blandli nice o'donnel could n't pull off a randi cad if he tri , so the filmmak do n't even let him ; zellweg 's ann may have issu with her sickeningli affection parent as an imposs standard to live up to , but no one dare make her anyth but the woman ( lightli ) wrong . 
and forget about see enough of jimmi and ann togeth to feel invest in their potenti reconcili . 
the parad of sit-com set piec had better be damn funni , sinc they 're all that stand between us and a bliss sweet foregon conclus . 
i 'll admit a coupl of those set piec are amus , includ ustinov 's rant about procreat and a restaur full-to-burst with men pop question and champagn cork . 
far more of them are either tediou or downright ghastli , like the shudder-induc sight of brook shield as an ici fortune-hunt or the hideou collect of stereotyp when hundr of potenti bride gather in a church . 
you 're never go to get too mani raucou belli laugh from a film like the bachelor , but that 's not the real problem . 
nor is it the real problem that you know exactli the kind of warm-n-fuzzi conclus it 's lead up to . 
the problem are a begin and middl that are equal warm-n-fuzzi -- there 's no spark , no energi , no human . 
it 's an emot pud guarante not to offend ani consum 's digest . 
we 've reach a point where our proxi for cinemat romant wish fulfil do n't even have a puls . 
the bachelor is love among the mannequin . 
