wesley snipe is a master of select bad action role . 
murder at 1600 , u . s . marshal , money train , drop zone , boil point , and the ultim camp film - passeng 57 . 
the art of war is anoth entri in thi veri ugli and uniqu categori . 
ultim , it is littl more than a ridicul action film with a plot as believ as the warren report , ugli violenc that would have made peckinpah cring , and terribl act by b-list actor like michael biehn and ann archer . 
oddli , it feel like the undiscov sequel to anoth snipe `` masterpiec , `` rise sun . 
the movi revolv around the conveni stori of a special un oper caught up in a secret murder conspiraci involv a chines ambassador , the chines triad brotherhood , a rich chines businessman ( play by ? that bad guy from rise sun , cary-hiroyuki tagawa ) a chines un interpret , and , inexplic , donald sutherland . 
the film end with more confus than a boatload of chines immigr tri to regist at elli island . 
or should i say the film end with the most blatant ripoff of both the matrix and all of john woo 's hong kong film combin . 
i am realli at a loss to figur out whi wesley snipe had the gumption to not onli star in thi action dud but also act as one of the produc of the film . 
i usual enjoy snipe ' movi - though hi dramat role better show off hi creativ as an actor than the flashi of hi action film . 
simpli , i am amaz by the how inan the script wa , fill with terribl clich and extrem violent action sequenc . 
director christian duguay ( screamer ) ha a strang attract to the vicious of violent act -- show splatter brain , peopl impal with broken shard of glass , and lot of gargl and gag as blood spray everywher . 
it also sicken me to know that oliv stone , one of the greatest director work today , had hi hand in produc thi monstros . 
i guess snipe sold stone on the conspiraci angl and stone chose not to read the script , watch the daili , be involv in cast , or anyth els -- or els he 'd be file a court order to remov hi name from the credit . 
it 's also seem evid that with the russki as our new bosom buddi and the middl eastern terrorist angl be beaten to death in the last coupl of year that the new intern enemi in hollywood are the communist chines . 
i 'm sure over the next coupl of month , even more `` chines conspiracy/martial-art action flick `` are go to be pop up in your local multiplex . 
hope they wo n't includ wesley snipe . 
