warner brother ha score anoth market coup . 
the one-two punch wa start in the summer , with the releas of batman forev . 
trailer for ace ventura 2 were bundl with the bat , ensur that everi jim carrey fan in the free world would know about the impend sequel . 
carrey went on to win rave as the riddler and the ever-wis warner chose halloween as the releas date for the video ( $ 11 . 99 at wal-mart ) ; a mere two week befor carrey 's return in thi marketwis , but misfir comedi . 
ace ventura : when natur call is a pain remind of just how grate the rubber-fac comic can be when allow to perform within an uncontrol environ . 
he may have been brilliant under the direct of joel schumach , in batman forev , but , here , left to hi own devic , carrey quickli wear out hi welcom . 
the open sequenc is by far the best -- an amus spoof of cliffhang , with ace perform a mountain rescu of a strand raccoon . 
( you can guess what happen to mr . paw . 
hint : it sound like splat . ) 
the plot quickli shift to a templ in the himalaya , and then to not-so-darkest africa , where ace is on the case of a miss white bat . 
with hi hair and limb both wildli askew , carrey fli through hi routin in about thirti minut . 
the rest of the film is just more of the same . 
sure , the plot 's linear , and the product valu solid , but where is the script humor to support carrey 's sloppi slather ? 
writer and director steve oderkerk provid preciou few set-up . 
instead , carrey just mug away , play for the camera even when most of it is n't funni . 
the better gag have been shown in the ad , though a bit with ace emerg buck-nak from the backsid of a mechan rhino is someth to see . 
though an arguabl improv over the origin , ace ventura : when natur call is still a snooz for anyon over the age of ten . 
the script is virtual devoid of wit . 
tribal mask joke ? 
jerri lewi cameo ? 
forget it . 
if anyth , the inexplic presenc of simon callow ( four wed and a funer ) and bob gunton ( the shawshank redempt ) suggest that work with carrey is the classic actor 's ultim challeng . 
just how long * can * they keep a straight face ? 
