are you like me ? 
do you get annoy see peopl talk on their cellular in public place , shout out loud , not give a ratt 's ass about anyon around them , and basic just wallow in their own self-import ? 
well if you are , than you will most like agre with my rate of thi film sinc it basic featur a trio of annoy ladi bicker away on the phone for an hour and a half . . . onli to make up and hug in the end . 
aaaaaaaahhhh . . . 
plot : three grown-up sister live their own separ live , begin to re-establish their commun line when their dear old dad fall ill . 
critiqu : thi would be a good movi if it wa n't for the fact that it 's got veri littl to say , featur uncar peopl share annoy phone convers , is chockful of bad act moment and provid less emot satisfact than ani third-rat after-school special . 
and i 'm be nice ! 
how junk like thi get made is beyond me , but happi am i that the ephron sister will final be dealt a profession blow , consid the regurgit level of their materi had just about reach it limit . 
the onli true emot moment demonstr between meg ryan 's charact and her dad in thi film is when he hug her and swing her around at a christma tree lot . 
wow . . . how 
deep . 
of cours , the same christma tune that 's play in everi ephron flick chime out in the background , while charact continu to build `` bond `` among one anoth by make refer to old , quaint movi or movi star . 
stop me . . . i 'm 
gon na cri again ! 
thi film is a mess . 
the charact are bore and irrit to watch , the plot ha someth to do with three selfish sister talk on the phone a whole lot , kind of like their father ( but not realli ) and then final realiz the error of their way , while share an `` emot `` moment about movi star from the 50 . 
admittedli , i wa not expect much from a film whose televis trailer featur meg ryan scream everi two second and a big dog roll it eye , but even i wa surpris at the level of ineptitud when it came to some of the act effort put forth in thi film . 
meg did fine as the sister who cri a lot , look as ador as ever , but someon pleas put lisa kudrow insid a perman home of limit rang , caus thi woman basic is that veri same charact that she play in everi singl movie/tv show that she 's in . 
enough alreadi ! 
and dian keaton must 've spent more time think about her role behind the camera in thi one , caus her act wa amateurish at best . 
neither one convinc in `` emot `` scene . 
grant , they gave walter matthau the best line in the film and that 's probabl where my rate of three point come from . 
all in all , thi movi is not funni ( unless you 're one to chuckl at train wreck ) , provid zero drama ( unless you consid loud phone convers move ) , gener absolut no emot ( although i did tear up when meg hug a coffe machin ) and end on a perfectli pretenti note ( `` oh no , pleas do n't get ani flour on my donna karan dress ! ) . 
ugh . 
i suggest that all ladi take their husbands/boyfriend to see thi movi if they are piss off at them about someth ! 
that 'll teach 'em to mess with you ! 
oh and incident , mr . joblo also liken thi movi to a piec of cow dung flail in the wind , so there ! 
then again . . . mayb 
you 'll like it . 
: ) 
