i have a confess . 
even though i am a movi junkie-i saw eye of the behold and yet i still watch movies-i 've never seen ani of the origin godzilla . 
( note that godzilla 2000 is not a sequel to the u . s . godzilla releas in 1998 ; it 's the american releas of a 1999 godzilla flick call gojira ni-sen mireniamu . ) 
so , part of me wa excit as i drove to the local multiplex to see godzilla 2000-the latest entri in an almost 50-year old franchis . 
thi wa a long-await treat . 
i wa expect a goofi good time , complet with bad dub , scienc fair level set and a ludicr plot line . 
the last thing i expect wa for the movi to be so ? bore . 
i can onli imagin what the theatr full of kid i saw thi with felt . 
you do get all of the `` so bad they 're good `` trait so normal associ with the franchis . 
but you have to sit through a snoozer plot that ha the organ of a rorschach blot . 
it 's a deal i wa n't will to accept . 
hiroshi kashiwabara and waturu mimura 's script cram in way too mani detail , and in mani case , fail to follow up on them . 
the maneuv is not onli disconcert , but give the movi a perman logi , weighti feel . 
godzilla start off destroy power plant and then just stop . 
wa it a whim ? 
a bold polit statement ? 
i do n't know . 
it foe , an ancient meteor that look like prudenti 's logo , doe n't just fight the beast from the far east . 
no , it 's got to have life-sav power , a plot to eras `` the data `` from japan , a desir to clone and the abil to becom a spaceship and then some kind of tentacl space creatur . 
there 's a battl between the head of the godzilla predict unit ( takehiro murata ) and a slimi govern offici ( hiroshi abe ) over the handl of godzilla , and person issu . 
and then there 's the plucki news photograph and blah , blah , blah . 
it 's like watch magnolia all over again-except without the good write , keen sociolog insight and aime mann song . 
what a wast . 
when the talk and the plot point stop hurtl at you , godzilla 2000 doe the job-it 's entertain and goe down easi . 
the action scene are cheesi in their grandeur though a littl sluggish . 
the dub is nice and aw , with murata sound like he 's in constant need of a cough drop . 
as for the dialogu , one line summar the goofi factor : `` did anyon see that fli rock go by ? `` 
thi movi also mark the first time sinc the three stoog that i 've heard the word `` imbecil `` use in casual convers . 
though the summer movi season is dri up and godzilla 2000 ha it moment , i would n't take kid to see it . 
they 'll probabl end up ask more question than charli rose . 
