wyatt earp detail thirty-f year in the life of same from around 1865 to 1900 . 
after see the movi speed twice recent , i kept think that i wa see wyatt 's life pass befor my eye in real time . 
thi movi wa bore , slow , bore , and slow . 
there were a few scene that tri to be great scene that tri too hard and just fell flat . 
the script happili woman-bash but also tri to sound like an 80 movi . 
they can not have it both way . 
`` i now pronounc you husband and wife . `` 
sure , they said that in the 1800 . 
`` entrepreneur . `` 
sure . 
everi bit of male-ego-strok dialogu that wyatt 's third wife speak to him made me sick to listen to it . 
`` oh , the script wa written by two men ? `` 
`` no kid ! `` 
the movi is tortur to sit through . 
the sceneri is bore . 
the fade were either awkward or clich or to self import . 
can you say poor edit ? 
everyon look ugli in thi movi . 
when you shoot peopl from under their chin , they look like they have doubl chin . 
kevin costner ha never look wors . 
he should sue . 
he look like he gain the 43 pound that denni quaid lost . 
denni quaid is marvel . 
if you have to see thi movi just for hi perform , go into the theatr at the movi 's halfway mark . 
doc holliday ( quaid 's charact ) show up at about the 90-minut mark . 
gene hackman is veri good . 
is he in the credit ? 
i do n't rememb see hi name . 
mare winningham make the best of a small role as wyatt 's second wife . 
annabeth gish is good as wyatt 's first wife . 
i though that jami gertz play wyatt 's third wife , but i later heard that her name is joanna go . 
she look great but her dialogu suck . 
she also seem way to young for costner . 
costner seem way to old for 90 % of thi movi . 
in hi first scene he is suppos to be about 19 year old . 
yeah , right . 
catherin o'hara and jobeth william are alway good and total wast here . 
thi is the worst movi that i have seen in year . 
the last action hero wa better that thi . 
go see maverick if you want to see a western . 
bullet for denni quaid 's perform onli . 
