seen at : amc old pasadena 8 , pasadena , ca ( in sdd ) 
paul verhoeven 's last movi , showgirl , had a bad script , bad act , and a `` plot `` ( i use the word in it loosest possibl sens ) that serv onli to allow lot of sex and nuditi . 
it stank . 
starship trooper ha a bad script , bad act , and a `` plot `` that serv onli to allow lot of violenc and gore . 
it stink . 
nobodi will watch thi movi for the plot , but here 's a brief synopsi anyway . 
some friend straight out of high school sign up for the feder reserv ( arm forc ) at a time when evil bug from the planet klendathu are send meteor toward earth from the other side of the galaxi . 
after one slip through the defenc and destroy bueno air ( the home citi of the main charact ) , war is declar . 
thi involv send the grunt , who includ johnni rico ( van dien ) and dizzi ( meyer ) , down to the surfac of the bug ' planet . 
much carnag ensu . 
the troop are withdrawn and sent to anoth planet to answer a distress call . 
more carnag ensu . 
after be rescu , their plan are chang to captur a `` brain bug `` which is believ to be control the alien ' battl plan ( look , i did n't write thi , ok ? ) . 
yet more carnag ensu . 
get the pictur ? 
interspers throughout all thi are brief `` ad `` from the feder network , which present the pictur of a neo-fascist state , much like in verhoeven 's robocop . 
there are mani problem with starship trooper . 
the plot , where one exist to drive the movi onward , is silli . 
harri ( star of tv 's doogi howser , md ) is present with a psychic abil to talk to hi ferret earli on in the movi , appar so we will accept hi abil to mind-meld with a `` brain bug `` later on . 
in addit , the first thirti minut of the movi ( until the charact sign up for servic ) drag on like a bad episod of beverli hill , 90210 . 
the charact are one-dimension , so much so , that when dizzi is kill , she say it 's ok becaus she got to sleep with rico . 
i had hope that verhoeven 's use of a no-nam cast would allow him to kill off sever of the lead charact to surpris the audienc , but such an idea appear to have escap him . 
the dialogu is embarass and is n't help by the frequent terribl deliveri ( i almost burst out laugh when harri deliv hi speech about the need to sacrific a few hundr peopl for the good of the speci ) . 
final , the fake `` ad `` becom a nuisanc . 
although they evok the propaganda of the wwii-era movieton reel ( as presum they are meant to ) , their complet lack of subtleti blunt their effect . 
some peopl will say all of that 's irrelev -- the movi hing on the battl scene . 
so what about those battl scene ? 
well , i admit the effect are good -- the bug move about quit convincingli , especi when they have been depriv of a few of their limb . 
and peopl have their brain blown out , their limb cut off , and their bodi rip in two in quit impress way . 
but thi is my problem . 
the entertain valu of the film rest almost entir on it graphic portray of gore , and it contin attempt to gross us out ( start earli on when richard ' charact vomit on-screen ) . 
verhoeven appear to be tri to make a movi employ the element that made a robocop a success , but fail spectacularli . 
while robocop had a messag about the import of be human , and gave the bad guy some motiv , starship trooper lack even these simpl featur . 
when the brain bug suck out a charact 's brain near the end of the film , it 's mere an analog for what the film ha done to us . 
thi film is full of graphic violenc and is not suitabl for children under 16 . 
