1 . he doe n't have a hard-to-deciph accent , 2 . he doe n't alway speak in a monoton , and 3 . 
hi face doe n't alway wear the same impass express . 
in short , the former nfl player turn fox sportscast turn actor is too good to be bad , but too bad to be good . 
unfortun , the same can not be said of hi first star vehicl , firestorm , which is just plain aw . 
one of the most glare problem with long ( who made hi act debut in john woo 's broken arrow ) is that he 's so mediocr that he often blend in with the sceneri . 
as ace firefight jess grave , long is suppos to be play a bigger-than-lif action hero -- the kind of he- man who will crash through a flame door to save a child or parachut into a burn clear to rescu some stupid camper . 
unfortun , despit the best effort of first-tim director dean semler to photograph long use heroic shot that make kevin costner 's work in the postman look stark , jess turn out to be a pretti bore good guy . 
to put it kindli , thi is not a well-written motion pictur . 
firestorm is a collect of howlingli bad line set against a backdrop of disast movi clich ? s which , taken togeth , form someth that requir a level of viewer inebri to be recogn as a plot . 
the onli reason thi film is get one star ( instead of someth lower ) is that most of the fire sequenc are realist , and i wa fascin by the meticul plan that must have been necessari to stage them effect . 
we 're introduc to our big burli hero one afternoon when he and some colleagu jump into the midst of a forest fire to save a group of peopl . 
dure thi sequenc , our big burli hero prove that he 's also a sensit guy by risk hi life to save a littl girl and her dog ( ye , the dog live ) from be broil aliv . 
flash-forward a year . 
now , our big burli hero is take over as chief of hi smokejump associ , replac outgo honcho wynt perkin ( real actor scott glenn ) . 
but thi day , our big burli hero 's first in charg , is n't go to be business-as-usu . 
a group of nasti escap crimin have set a wyom forest alight to aid their flight to freedom . 
led by randi earl shay ( william forsyth ) , the sadist creep who must be kill twice to realli die , they pose as canadian firefight who somehow got lost across the border . 
along the way , they meet and take hostag the damsel in distress ( suzi ami ) . 
eventu , our big burli hero is place in a posit where he ha to fight the fire , rescu the damsel in distress , defeat the sadist creep who must be kill twice to realli die , and restor order to the galaxi . 
firestorm 's director , dean semler , is a former cinematograph ( he won an academi award for hi work on danc with wolv ) , so it 's no surpris that the film look good . 
unfortun , that 's firestorm 's lone asset , and it falter near the end , when computer-gener special effect fill up the screen . 
these are of about equal qualiti to what you might observ on a nintendo 64 video game . 
the action sequenc , which includ a varieti of chase , are occasion interest , but never invigor . 
everyon , includ long , appear to be go through the motion . 
there is n't a memor perform to be found from begin to end , unless you count the forest fire , which gener some heat . 
as the sadist creep who must be kill twice to realli die , william forsyth lack panach . 
he 's wors than a gener bad guy ; he 's a bore gener bad guy who doe n't have ani snappi one-lin to hurl at our big burli hero . 
my advic to scott glenn ( absolut power ) and suzi ami ( titan ) is to accident forget thi film the next time they 're make out a resum . 
there 's some small comfort in know thi earli in the year that i alreadi have one entri for my bottom 10 list . 
( at least i hope there are n't 10 wors film than thi . ) 
and i know i wa n't the onli one who realli dislik thi movi . 
as the audienc wa file out of the screen , i loiter in the theater lobbi to catch a few comment . 
the gener consensu seem to be that , although the movi suck , the promot key ring wa cool . 
the problem is that fox wo n't be give out key ring to regular movie-go , so that nix ani reason to see firestorm . 
