capsul : annoyingli unentertain , obviou and paper-thin buddy/cop/drug/sexy-wit movi . 
presenc of director michael bay show none of the talent he demonstr in the rock . 
i 've seen thi movi alreadi , i said , as i look at the box art . 
no , i have n't even seen a trailer for the movi ; i do n't even know what it 's about , but i can look at the way they 're promot it , and i know i 've seen it alreadi . 
i thought : it 's about these two cop . 
and they 're buddi , sort of . 
they 're at each other 's throat a lot , but they realli do like each other . 
and everyon els in their depart hate them 'caus they 're hot-shot . 
and they have some kind of diametr opposit in their relationship . 
and one day they 're in the middl of cop busi as usual when they get mix up in thi plot that involv a realli sadist bad guy with lot of henchmen who can never hit anyth with the billion of round of ammo they are alway carri . 
and the bad guy is a drug lord . 
and there 's a wit , and she 's thi sexi thing who rub both of them the wrong way . 
and their supervisor want their badg for breakfast when they blow up half the town bring thi guy down . 
i onli miss the bit about the badg . 
the rest i got dead-on . 
and i had n't even left the video store yet . 
the cop in thi movi are will smith and martin lawrenc , and the bad guy is the immens underutil tcheki karyo . 
smith play a cop who ha a trust fund and is thu not a cop for the money ; martin l . is a famili man ( shade of the now-tir lethal weapon dynam here ) whose wife and he are at total odd . 
thi lead to some strain scene about lawrenc 's `` not get ani `` , and some total unneccesari bit with him skulk around hi own hous , think hi partner is now hi wife 's `` back door man `` . 
not funni ; tiresom . 
bad boy get some of it incred meager sell point from the presenc of will smith and martin lawrenc . 
will smith is a natur , and i 'm happi to see him in movi like six degre . . . 
and men in black . 
he 's funni and charm without tri to be ; he realli doe seem to be enjoy himself . 
martin lawrenc is a differ stori ; he 's so uptight and verbal constip that sit through hi improvis riff are a trial . 
movi like thi are not about origin . 
i know thi . 
they are about style and energi and synergi between actor . 
i know thi , too . 
and yet , while watch bad boy , which it glamor photographi and imposs exact stunt choreographi , i felt fed up . 
i 'd seen con air , which despit be complet implaus , wa still great fun , becaus it tri howev feebli to put some new life into the mix . 
bad boy is a dri run -- and overlong , too , clock in at just over two hour with a lot more by-play than i felt could be justifi . 
i could write thi movi . 
you could write thi movi . 
mani peopl have . 
mani peopl will continu to write thi movi , over and over again . 
other peopl will buy it from them , and make it , and we will pay money to see it . 
more the fool we all . 
in a terrifyingli prescient line from hi book a scanner darkli , phil k . dick onc muse that the mcdonaldburg ( as he call it ) would eventu eclips money as the token of cultur and financi exchang . 
one day we will all just sit in our live room and sell the same burger back and forth to each other . 
the same could be said about thi movi . 
i have the sink feel we 're go to see it again . 
soon . 
