steve martin shine but sgt . bilko 
fail to impress 
base on the popular 50 's sitcom , sgt . 
bilko follow the string of old-sitcoms-to-movi convers fever . 
rememb the bradi bunch movi or the beverli hillbilli releas sometim back ? 
( bradi bunch wa a moder hit in in the us while hillbilli flop ) . 
i do not realli know whether the hollywood mind are run out of good idea or just be plain lazi , but the tv-conversion-movi are hit our screen like wildfir , sad to say , with mix success . 
such movi are mostli target at us viewer sinc they are usual follow of such seri over there and the larger the follow , the more like the sitcom will be made into a movi . 
sgt . 
bilko ( frankli , i have not seen ani it origin tv version ) , even with the charm and wild antic of funnymen steve martin and dan akroyd ; fail to entertain . 
sgt . ernest bilko is the man behind the motor pool ( place of vehicl storag and repair ) of fort baxter . 
though total unskil in the field of work that he is suppos to be in charg of , he ha an almost superhuman abil and zeal to sniff out money-mak opportun ; from run a gambl den in the militari garag to 4-d pool . 
though materialist in mind , bilko 's method ha thought ` enrich ' the live of the men of fort baxter , provid them with some form of real recreat within the camp and the peopl love him for that . 
colonel hall run the entir fort and thank to hi inborn ` blissfully-confus ' state , bilko ha manag to hide hi oper , though nearli everi live person in the fort know about it . 
bilko 's state of ascent is suddenli under-fir when the pentagon send major thorn , a tough cooki on armi regul , to check on the progress on the $ 70 million hovertank project , a new weapon under develop within the fort 's ground . 
to add to hi problem , thorn is determin to bring bilko down in retalli of a major ` sabo ' done on him by bilko dure their younger armi day . 
director jonathan lynn , who direct my cousin vinni ( in which marisa tomei won an oscar for best-support actress ) manag to pull sgt . 
bilko through with suitabl pace and some except moment of laughter , but that is about it . 
there are realli not enough laughter-packed-mo in sgt . 
bilko to fulli entertain the averag movie-go . 
still , steve martin 's sgt . 
bilko is play with finess and full-forc by the renown comedian . 
without him , sgt . 
bilko would have just fell flat on it face . 
sgt . 
bilko did moder well in the us box offic earli thi year but i doubt it will earn much elsewher around the world . 
the current trend in mix success in such tv-convers may be a bless in disguis , realli ; at least it will forc hollywood to re-think ani of it initi intent to turn anoth tv-idea into a movi or at the veri least approach those idea with more creativ . 
unless you are a fan of the tv-seri or love to watch steve martin in action , you can skip thi one when decid which movi to catch in the local theatr . 
i 'm sure there are better one around . 
