okay , i just do n't know whi , but i seem to be get thi divers to disney-mad real-lif actor movi . . . as 
well as real-lif act tim allen movi . 
i could n't even make it through `` the santa claus , `` so whi did i even see thi ? 
( just to make an idl point , i did like `` toy stori , `` but that wa good ) also , i have thi avers to bad french farc , and if they remak them into american film . 
well , thi is my excus : it wa prom night , i 'm not a prom person , my best friend and i impuls went to the drive-in where they were play `` gross point blank `` - would n't mind see it again - but i had to suffer through thi first . 
i agre to go . 
ugh . 
in all fair , i can say that at least thi inan plot wa n't dream by an american . 
it wa origin a french film releas in america under the pseudonym of `` littl indian , big citi `` ( french titl - `` un indien dan la vill `` ) . 
i stay away from it like it wa limburgh , and accord to roger ebert , that wa a good idea . 
but i can onli imagin how bad that must be if thi is an improv . 
the stupid plot concern a father who just learn he ha a son from hi current marriag . 
let me clarifi : hi wife ( jobeth william ) left him year ago , and i mean year - around 13 or so - and went to an island in the carribean or someth . 
he goe to her to final get the divorc paper sign so he can remarri thi . . . thing 
( play with an emphasi on over-don by lolita davidovitch , who is usual good ) . 
she tell him he ha a son as hi boatman goe off . 
he meet him , he ha a weird name ( mimi seku , i think . . . or 
as the bad joke goe - `` mitsubishi `` - laugh track cue ) , he know english , they fish , more bad joke , pirhanna joke , the kid ha a pet spider , he make a promis to take him to the statu of liberti . . . you 
know the drill . 
now thi is where the plot complic ( well , complic for thi one , at least ) : the fish-out-of-wat joke switch from tim allen on an island to hi island son in new york citi . 
tim is a stock broker and hi coffe profit are plung becaus hi laptop die and he wa n't abl to commun with hi assist or whatev he is - martin short . 
a russian mob is toss into the plot somewher ( how come in everi hokey french import , there is a mob ? ! ) 
tim learn a lesson of life from hi son and we discov that cellular phone can oper on an island even though there are no socket to recharg the batteri . 
the stori is crap , the joke are hokey and not realli funni , and the actor have to struggl to make it interest . 
but the materi is so fowl that even a rewrit by quentin tarantino could n't help it . 
the whole time , i kept think that a grown person had to think thi up and sever more grown peopl had to do thi . 
at the end of film , did they all scream out , `` we 've made a great movi , guy ! `` 
i sure hope not . 
big question to get from thi film : whi would someon want to remak what wa bill as one of the worst film of all time if they 're just go to do it the exact same way ? 
huh ? 
my ( for some of the actor ' name and a joke or two that made me chuckl , i guess . . . okay , 
so i realli feel bad for it , so i onli gave it one star ) 
