fit for a ghoul 's night out , fat girl stand cast iron firm with the simplist , fatuou , built-in excus that it woman director is bare the harsh sexual realiti of adolesc girl . 
be a boy , i might not understand femal behavior and am unequip to analyz thi particular pseudo-feminist coming-of-ag stori . 
fair enough . 
i 'll pretend to ignor the manner postur and health class 101 `` thi is a no-no `` dialogu when older teenag boy coax younger teenag girl to let him fuck her up the ass , speak variat on `` it wo n't hurt ! `` 
for a scene that seem to last at least ten minut . 
thi is done almost entir in an unbroken master shot that suggest unimagin camerawork more than unblink voyeur . 
they dare you to look away , without possess the courag of allow the children to actual sound like children ( they 're mouthpiec for writer-director catherin breillat 's one-not clinic polit ) . 
rather than show an even-hand evalu of the rigor of hormon chang , breillat ( previous respons for the unwatch romanc ) want to indulg in her hour of hate . 
life is pain , high . 
get use to it . 
she 'd find keen bedfellow in neil labut and todd solondz , other sultan of misanthropi who lack the ball to be earnest or honest . 
for children , deal with trauma and pain is complic . 
to buri that in sarcasm and academ theori feel cheap . 
these would-b auteur ( more like hauteur ) have n't earn the right to display suffer becaus they do n't layer it in emot truth ( as mike leigh doe throughout nake and david lynch in sever key scene of blue velvet ) . 
of cours , there i go again compar her to all these ( better ) male director . 
i do n't care . 
gender be damn , she 's borderlin inept . 
brace for a knee-jerk reaction from the art hous crowd ( mortifi shock or compulsori applaus will suffic ) , writer-director catherin breillat may well accomplish her mission to get a rise out of peopl . 
do n't be fool . 
thi grotesqu oversimplif of awkward foray into passion may be quickli forgotten , rememb onli as cold , bore , philosoph arid , and incompet photograph . 
the hyperviol climact sequenc prove so extraordinarili misguid that i honestli wonder whether breillat had thrown in an impromptu dream sequenc . 
twelv year old , a bundl of dough with a sour pout , the superb ana ? s reboux play the titular fat girl with a thousand yard stare and a frumpi insouci . 
( her charact is also name ana ? s . ) 
sit at the tabl moros slurp down a banana split , her presenc is ground and heartbreak . 
it 's a piti breillat never find anyth for her to do other than get defens against her evil storybook sister , 15-year old elena ( roxan mesquida ) , for bring a transitori boyfriend home to their share room . 
in thi summer cottag , ana ? s ha no escap from her posit as stoic bedsid observ to elena 's depress confus of cheap sex with romanc . 
the boy in question , a smug italian colleg kid name fernando ( libero de rienzo ) is a real piec of work , claim that the experi is a declar of love while beg for a blowjob . 
ana ? s doe n't receiv ani warmth from her larg absent parent , who join elena in make fun of her hefti girth . 
she find pleasur in wander the beach alon , sing song to herself , and swim in the pool kiss the metal rail and pretend that it 's her paramour . 
reboux command the screen , but there 's onli so much a child actress can do recount pretenti monologu to herself . 
if one is inspir to rescu thi young perform and place her in a better movi , at least she fare better than the other young talent ask to perform in intens love scene that might feel justifi if they were n't so dramat misguid . 
thi 83-minut vignett is someth of a horror show , but breillat save her nastiest poison for the veri end . 
on the long ride home punctuat by an uncomfort silenc between famili member , gigant truck swerv by as the hour grow late . 
will mommi fall asleep at the wheel ? 
perhap . 
or mayb there 's someth deadlier around the corner , lie in wait to pounc upon the unsuspect fat girl . 
what 's more , she might even like it . 
with the intent of be unfair and unpredict , place her heroin in the most diabol of corner in order to face up to impend adulthood , breillat 's extrem flourish of sadist tawdri reveal her as a master purveyor of contempt . 
fat girl is a bitter pill inde . 
aka ? ma soeur ! 
screen at the 2001 new york film festiv ( featur come soon ) . 
