i think of i know what you did last summer as the movi that scream and scream 2 could have been . 
mind you , though , i mean thi in the worst possibl way . 
i know what you did last summer is a typic slasher flic without the smart of the scream 's . 
as a result , it 's even wors than some of your better campi horror pictur ( see nightmar on elm street ) becaus it think it 's about thirti time smarter than it is . 
base on a teen book of the same name and , disappointingli , adapt by scream scribe kevin williamson , i know what you did last summer begin with appropri angsti modern rock music combin with some startl cinematographi of a cliff along the ocean and an angsti sort sit at the top . 
the appropri mood be set ( thi is angst-horror for the 90 's ) , we cut over to the juli 4th parad in a small north carolina town . 
from there , we see the blond , femal protagonist , helen shiver ( woodenli play by sarah michel geller ) , get crown croaker queen as the blond male `` hero , `` barri cox ( woodenli play by ryan phillip ) , and match brunett pair of protagonist , juli jame and ray bronson ( woodenli play by parti of five 's jennif love hewitt and freddi prinz jr . , respect ) cheer her on . 
after get drunk at a parti , go to a beach to wittili discuss urban legend and indulg in some foreshadow , and have some meaning sex ( if you believ what the charact say ) , the four run down some guy cross the windi cliff road at night . 
hi face is mangl so they ca n't tell who it is , and they come to the decis to dump him in the ocean so as to not ruin ani of their futur chanc for success in the world . 
cut to one year later . 
the live of our protagonist have gone from annoy to bad . 
main brunett femal , the bright one of the bunch , ha been plagu with guilt and almost fail out of colleg . 
blond femal ha forfeit her dream of star on guid light , and now work at the famili store in town . 
brunett male is a fisherman , live off the land . 
blond male ha becom a complet jerk and quarterback on some colleg footbal team . 
then , predict , their past come back to haunt them . 
it all begin with an irrat murder , follow by some taunt of protagonist by the mysteri killer , bad act by a good actress ( ann hech ) , an improb plot , bad act by the main bad actor , some more kill , conclud in a climact scene , mostli climact in the relief at the end of the movi . 
all the while , the actor and actress spout off bad line , and main brunett male doe hi best keanu reev imit . 
not that the movi wa without pleasur . 
count the illog plot twist and bad line for some fun . 
mostli , though , note the costum of main femal and how trendili unattract they make the otherwis eye-catch pair look . 
