the most absurd remak of 1998 ? 
it 's a toss up between gu van sant 's psycho and mighti joe young , the new disney pictur base on the old rko pictur . 
( i knew i wa in troubl when a polish , computer-gener version of that famou rko logo appear befor the head credit . ) 
there is no great demand for anoth giant ape movie-mak that ape movi , period . 
( wit the quick death of buddi , born to be wild and congo . ) 
and while thi latest entri is inoffens and watchabl , it 's also an assembl line product through and through , lack the charm and unpredict of the jungl serial that partli inspir it . 
theron is jill young : as a young girl in the wild of africa , she befriend a babi gorilla after both their mother were slain by poacher . 
that babi gorilla ( nicknam joe ) grow to immens proport , and adult jill basic bide her time look after him , play hide and seek with him and guard him against poacher . 
enter conservationist greg ( paxton ) , who convinc jill to move with joe to california , where they can protect him better in a control environ . 
joe is restless at first ; no sooner doe he final settl in to the new place than those nasti poacher show up in l . a . , plot joe 's demis . 
suffic it to say , the movi could have been call `` joe : ape in the citi . `` 
theron ( so good in devil 's advoc ) and paxton ( so good in the recent a simpl plan ) are fine actor , but not fine enough to transcend the materi , a paint-by-numb script from the hack writer of superman iv and mercuri rise . 
the plot arguabl borrow more from steven spielberg 's the lost world than the 1949 origin , with the computer-gener t-rex-i mean , joe-wreak havoc on the busi street for an encor ; the storytel becom especi lazi dure thi final third , with jill shout , `` look , joe 's head for the movi theatr ! `` 
follow by a shot of joe scale mann 's chines theater ; a moment later , jill shout again someth like `` look , joe 's head for an amus park ! `` and what do you know , there 's joe at the pallisad carniv , scare the bejesu out of innoc thrillseek . 
the seam of last-minut edit to mighti joe young show-unrel scene are patch togeth with quick dissolv . 
the movi sure feel uneven , regardless : act two is underdevelop , while a littl of joe smash car in act three goe a long , long way . 
underwood ( tremor , speechless ) wa perhap not the director for the job ; even the plenti , untam landscap look dull in hi hand . 
( captur the beauti of natur requir more than hi point and shoot style . ) 
i did enjoy certain sequenc , especi the demoliton of a black-ti dinner sequenc ; and the prologu , howev implaus , is touch . 
( as a tyke , joe act just like e . t . ) rick baker 's make-up effect and puppetri are outstand , the real star of the show-yet , for all it technic flawless , the creatur remain too grumpi and homicid to love . 
( hi facial express are variat on a scowl . ) 
to be fair , i saw mighti joe young in a cinema pack with wail children-it 's a wonder i wa abl to deciph the dialogu . 
it 's certainli not a film for veri young kids-intens fight scene may scare them , while ani time joe 's not on camera may bore them to tear . 
( note : older boy are more like to be dazzl by theron 's colour array of tank top . ) 
i suspect bland mighti joe young is passabl entertain for a famili outing , but they sure do n't make ? em like they use to . 
