mugshot ( director/writer/cinematographer/editor : matt mahurin ; cast : belinda becker ( stella ) , michael william ( rumor ) , robert knepper ( joe/chri ) , robert walker ( random ) , willi lassic ( young brother of rumor ) , maxin joiner ( rumor 's mother ) ; runtim : 87 ; mortal film ; 1995 ) 
review by denni schwartz 
a bleak indi film about a stolen ident . 
there 's not much more to thi visual stylish film than what meet the eye , as it reli on shock to tell it stori of a prolong viciou mug . 
it fall into the categori of be a pretenti art-hous film , leav a bitter tast in one 's mouth as it stereotyp it charact and unintent further inflam the racial issu . 
it tri to make a heavy-hand point about disenfranchis black youth trap by their environ , with their onli way out be crime . 
but the stori is so fill with violenc and it nyc set look like hell , that it 's hard to enjoy thi film and to follow what the logic in the stori is suppos to mean . 
the relationship between the black mugger and hi white victim is a cloudi one , which the film never determin what it want to say about it . 
matt mahurin is virtual one-man crew in put thi film togeth ( director/writ /cinematographer/editor ) , who is a still photograph in hi day job . 
the film work best as a visual challeng piec , as each shot look like a photograph care tell the stori unfold . 
a white photograph ( robert knepper ) is mug by a black gang while he 's on a freelanc assign to take a photo shoot of harlem at night . 
he becom a victim of amnesia and hi head is bloodi as he 's left in a desert harlem build , as the gang leav him for dead ; but , one of the mugger , rumor ( michael william ) , come back and pretend to help him . 
he 's a would-b photograph , who keep a scrapbook entitl mugshot in the project apart he share with hi mother and younger brother . 
keep hi victim in the dark about who he is by call him joe and not tell him what 's happen , he becom the photograph for a few day . 
he enter the photograph 's stylish greenwich villag apart and steal hi expens camera , and decid to hold the mug vic for ransom when he find out he ha a black girlfriend , stella ( belinda becker ) . 
she 's the onli one in the film who could act . 
the film is stuck with a clumsi dialogu and an overus of symbol , as it end with noth more to tell after the shock and the violent situat it creat except to beat it into the ground . 
it could onli be commend for how appeal the film look , as if it 's a scrapbook of still photo put togeth to celebr a mug . 
