these day , we are wit the delug of film base on old , cult tv show . 
most of the time , the fan of these show shudder think what could hollywood hack of the present do with the memori of their past . 
but , some five or six year ago , there were n't that mani movi and the trend did n't look that depress . 
so , the peopl who , like the author of thi review , grew up watch flintston , popular 1960 anim seri about `` modern stone age `` famili , were n't particularli worri when the word came about live action remak . 
after all , the produc behind the project wa steven spielberg and , if anyth els , at least the special effect would be good . 
the plot revolv about flintston , famili set in fictiou stone age `` town `` of bedrock , whose member enjoy the lifestyl of 1950 middl class america . 
fred flinston ( john goodman ) work in the quarri , and one day he help hi best friend and neighbour barney rubbl ( rick morani ) and hi wife betti ( rosi o'donnel ) to adopt a babi . 
to return the favour , barney switch hi result of aptitud test with fred , and , base on that , fred get well-paid job in manag . 
but , of cours , thi is just a sham - corrupt offici cliff vandercav ( kyle maclachlan ) and hi sultri secretari sharon stone ( hall berri ) need a scapegoat for their embezzl scheme . 
in the meantim , fred 's wife wilma ( elizabeth perkin ) must face her mother ( elizabeth taylor ) who ca n't stand fred . 
on the superfici level , the flintston did the excel job in bring the anim seri to life . 
comput effect are flawless , and the costum , set and other detail are authent for all the fan of the show . 
unfortun , problem with thi film start with inadequ cast - rick morani is too thin for the role of barney , while the cartoon betti use to be much skinnier than rosi o'donnel . 
but the greatest problem of all is plot , or to be precis , the lack of plot . 
some thirti six screenwrit made sure that the plot of the film is lame , origin charact one-dimension , and mani element of the stori , like embezzl and inter-offic polit , total incomprehens for the littl children , the main target audienc of thi film . 
result is almost unwatch mess , occasion save mostli by excel act ( elizabeth perkin wa right on mark as wilma ) and one of the classic exampl of mortal hollywood diseas known as `` high concept `` . 
after great hype , movi quickli sank into oblivion and the fan of the show return to the anim version . 
all in all , film is n't that bad , but onli the hard core fan and nostalg can find more than guilti pleasur in it . 
