if you have n't plunk down your hard-earn money yet for `` wild wild west , `` the latest summer holiday offer from will smith , let me say right now that your money will be better spent on a starbuck 's frappacino or on a ben & jerri 's sunda . 
these treat are great relief from the summer heat . 
in contrast , thi film made me simmer in disappoint . 
i can accept the fact that summer movi tend to put more weight into special effect and that good stori and flavor charact usual take a back seat . 
thi wa true of star war episod i , but at least in that film , the stori and the charact were still in the back seat . 
in thi film , they are no where to be found . 
what remain are hundr of male extra costum as gunsling and foppish aristocrat , lot of femal extra who look like can-can dancer , and a clunki , 80-foot tall instrument of destruct that resembl a mechan tarantula . 
two men are ask to stop thi threat . 
one is artemu gordon ( kevin kline ) , an inventor who use hi intellect and array of disguis to best hi oppon . 
among hi creation are fals breast and the bulletproof vest . 
the other man is jim west ( will smith ) , who prefer the shoot-first-then-shoot-some-mor method of investig . 
although their individu talent must be combin to achiev success , their interact with one anoth mere seem like a second rate , two-man vaudevillian act . 
for exampl , there is a scene where west , be more debonair than the reserv gordon , note that the fake breast should be fill with water rather than buckwheat , which is what it is current fill with . 
`` now touch my breast , `` west say . 
gordon doe so and then softli coo hi approv . 
i found myself groan at thi kind of silli . 
the script fail to gener ani sens of drama , humor , or fun for that matter . 
i did enjoy kline 's reserv perform , but wa surpris at how much latitud they gave to smith . 
could it be that will smith is just so bankabl that he 's not even requir to act ? 
it wa as if the director wa yell `` will smith , do your own thing . . . and 
action ! `` 
here 's an exampl . 
in thi scene , will smith is about to be hang by a group of angri white peopl . 
he must endear himself to the crowd to escap . 
the director yell , `` will smith , do your own thing . . . and 
action ! `` 
in anoth scene , he ha to masquerad as a belli dancer in order to save hi comrad . 
`` will smith , do your own thing . . . and 
action ! `` 
wors still , the final battl scene aboard the mechan tarantula is a horrid mess . 
there are cog spin and pulley pull and lever go up and down everywher you look . 
there 's actual a lot of imagin at work in thi film . 
there are some genuin clever invent and gizmo introduc , but all of thi imagin is wast in a film that is visual clutter and dramat flat . 
and that 's too bad becaus if there wa more focu on the stori rather than will smith just do hi 'thing , ' thi film might have been palat . 
as it turn out , `` wild wild west `` is the wild , wild worst and receiv my vote for biggest disappoint of the year . 
