do the folk at disney have no common decenc ? 
they have resurrect yet anoth cartoon and turn it into a live action hodgepodg of expens special effect , embarrass write and kid-friendli slapstick . 
wa n't mr . magoo enough , peopl ? 
obvious not . 
inspector gadget is not what i would call ideal famili entertain . 
younger viewer will like be taken in by the abound goofi , but their adult companion may feel a wave of nausea sweep over them as they attempt to endur thi appal 80-minut exercis in glare stupid . 
the movi is poorli edit , grossli manipul , and the finish product resembl somewhat of a fail jigsaw puzzl . 
all the element are there , but the manner in which director david kellogg piec them togeth is laughabl and trite . 
as a huge fan of the 80 's anim tv show , the first thing i must express is my anger toward the treatment of the main villain . 
in the cartoon , dr . claw wa a frighten , raspy-vo presenc who remain a total mysteri to the viewer . 
we never saw hi face ; he simpli sat back in hi arm-chair , watch surveil camera and gentli stroke hi loyal cat . 
as a child , i alway imagin what dr . claw would appear as - and thi curios kept me watch for mani year . 
with the releas of the live-act movi , the face of thi onc intrigu villain ha been unright expos - it 's . . . 
rupert everett ? ! 
onli now , dr . claw is simpli known as claw ( ` one word , ' he explain , ` like madonna ' ) . 
he sport a shini clamp instead of the steel glove , and seem far less interest than the anim version . 
it help that the dash everett is enthusiast , but he overplay the role entir too far . 
when all is said and done , thi wa n't a veri wise move on the part of the screenwrit - the infam dr . claw ha been turn into a wisecrack game show host who make cheap attempt at be suav and cool . 
he doe still have hi cat , though . 
in the titl role , matthew broderick look lost . 
the actor , while usual downright charm , doe n't know exactli where to take hi charact - a fault that again can be blame on the hapless writer . 
broderick first play a friendli , naiv secur guard name john brown , who dream of becom a cop and uphold the law for the good of the peopl . 
he ha a mad crush on pretti scientist brenda ( joeli fisher ) , who ha stumbl upon a new wave of technolog involv the interact of human tissu and electron . 
but one fate night , her lab is destroy and her experi is stolen by a fiendish millionair ( everett ) who want to take over the world . 
john courag pursu the limousin from the scene of the crime , but lose the chase when hi vehicl burst into flame . 
in a full bodi cast , he is chosen to be the first human prototyp for brenda 's work ; a revolutionari crime fight tool with numer fanci gadget to dispatch bad guy . 
and so is born inspector gadget . 
as bad as thi movi is , it doe have a certain charm in isol scene . 
broderick actual fare better play robo gadget , an evil and destruct clone that claw ha set loos on the citi . 
and there are about two or three amus punch line , the funniest be when robo gadget imperson a rampag monster with shadow puppet on a brick wall , and a japanes man flee the scene while scream , ` thi is whi i left tokyo ! ' 
ala , the hit ratio of the ongo gag is about 20 to 1 in favor of not even crack a slight giggl . 
there are so mani tire plot addit . 
gadget 's talk car ( voic by d . l . 
hughley ) is the same type of charact as zoot the suit from my favorit martian . 
both are wisecrack , non-human addit design to coax laughter from smaller children . 
well , it just doe n't work ( in fact , zoot function marvel in comparison to thi ) . 
and do n't even get me start about the villain . 
i did n't mind everett 's perform , but hi bumbl assist will make everi adult cring with disgust . 
the charact from the cartoon have been reduc to thankless support role . 
penni ( michel trachtenberg ) and brain the dog now have littl to do with the action , and chief quimbi ( dabney coleman ) ha lost consider appeal in the transit of anim to live action . 
the special effect are everywher , but not so annoy they will caus your eye to peel over . 
the problem here lie sole in the script . 
perhap the next time disney attempt a remak like thi , they will invest more in the screenplay than the fancy-schm visual . 
here is one critic cross hi finger , anyway . 
