after a market windup of strike visual and the promis of star calib actor , mission to mar end up throw a whifflebal . 
fierc unorigin , director depalma cobbl togeth a film by borrow heavili from what ha gone befor him . 
there are alien similar to those in close encount of the third kind . 
the strand astronaut theme is reminisc of robinson cruso on mar . 
the astronaut encount space flight difficulti that smack of apollo 13 . 
interior spacecraft visual are redol of 2001 : a space odyssey . 
instead of use these compon as a launch pad to creat hi own movi , de palma stop right there , refus to infus the film with anyth even remot resembl clever or heart . 
mission to mar take it 's first wobbl step at a pre-launch barbequ in which the perfunctori charact introduct are done . 
dure these surfac scan of the charact , we learn that jim mcconnel ( sinis ) ha lost hi wife . 
it 's a plot point revist throughout the film with jackhamm subtleti . 
the rest of the crew exhibit a bland affabl . 
there is no contenti , no friction to add the the dramat tension of these men and women be confin to close quarter for an extend length of time . 
mayb depalma wa go for the comraderi of the right stuff , but in that movi , the astronaut had ember of person to warm us through the technic aspect . 
it 's the year 2020 and thi is nasa 's first man excurs to the red planet . 
a crew , led by luke graham ( cheadl ) , arriv on mar and quickli discov an anomali , which they investig with tragic result . 
graham is abl to transmit a garbl distress call back to earth . 
in respons , earth send a rescu team compris of mcconnel , woodi blake ( robbin ) , wife terri fisher ( nielsen ) and phil ohlmyer ( o'connel ) . 
obstacl are put in the crew 's way and and they matter-of- factli go about solv them . 
i should say , mcconnel goe about solv them . 
time and again , mcconnel is present as some kind of wunderkind , which would n't be so bad if the rest of the crew did n't come across as so aggressivelli unremark . 
( mention should be made of the misogynist handl of fisher in a situat where the entir crew 's mission and life is in mortal danger . 
on a team of profession , she is portray as an emot direct weak link . 
women serv no purpos in the movi other than to serv as a reflect of a male charact 's person trait . ) 
by the time they land on mar and tri to solv the mysteri of what occur , mission to mar start lay on the clich and stilt dialogu with a heavi brush . 
there is an adag in film to `` show , do n't tell . `` 
mission to mar doe both . 
repeatedli . 
charact obsess explain the obviou , explain their action as they are do them , explain to fellow astronaut fact which should be fundament knowledg to them . 
the film 's conclus is momument deriv , anti-climat and unsatisi . 
as i walk out i wonder who the target audienc might be for thi film . 
the best i could come up with is pre-teen age boy , but in thi media satur era , thi film 's compon would have been old hat even for them . 
i have to think what attract such talent to thi film wa the lure of make a good , modern day b-movi . 
the key to such a ventur is a certain depth and sincer toward the materi . 
i felt no such earnest . 
