girl 6 is , in a word , a mess . 
i wa never abl to determin what spike lee wa tri to accomplish with thi film . 
there wa no sens of where the film wa go , or ani kind of coher narr . 
if there wa a point to the film , i miss it . 
girl 6 , by the way , is the way theresa randl 's charact is address in the phone sex workplac ; all the girl are known by their number . 
the plot , such as it is : theresa randl is a struggl n . y . actress , and eventu take a job as a phone-sex oper . 
she begin to lose contact with realiti , as her job consum her . 
also , she must deal with the advanc of her ex-husband ( isiah washington ) . 
he is an ex- con thief , and she tri to keep him away , while at the same time , it 's clear that she still harbor feel for him . 
her neighbor , jimmi ( spike lee ) function as the observ ; mediat between the ex- husband and girl 6 . 
he also function as a point of stabil , as he watch her becom seduc by the lurid world of phone sex . 
the soundtrack , consist of song by princ , wa jar . 
it kept take my attent from the film - not altogeth a bad thing , i 'll grant you , as what wa transpir onscreen wa n't that rivet . 
for part of the middl of the film , the music stay bliss in the background . 
in the open sequenc and one scene later in the film , howev , the music wa particularli loud and distract . 
of cours , i 've never realli care for princ 's ( or tafkap if you like ) music . 
princ fan might love the soundtrack , but it will probabl be distract , even to die-hard fan . 
of the perform , the onli one that stood out wa spike lee 's buddi charact , jimmi . 
he wa excel as the always-brok neighbor of girl 6 . 
he should have stuck to act in thi film . 
there are sever sequenc that gave me the impress that he 'd like to be oliv stone when he grow up . 
there are scene shot with differ type of film , which are purpos graini , and reminisc of some of the scene in oliv stone 's natur born killer . 
in that film , they work to propel the narr . 
in thi film , they just made me more confus . 
there are some amus moment , and a few insight into the live of the women who use their voic to make the phone-sex industri the multi-billion dollar industri that it ha becom . 
other than that , though , noth much happen . 
there are a few intens moment , as when one caller becom frighten , but even that is rather lacklust . 
i 'm not the biggest fan of spike lee , though i 'd agre that he ha done some veri good work in the past . 
in girl 6 , though , he seem to be flounder . 
he had an interest idea , a fairli good setup , and seem to wander aimlessli from there . 
girl 6 earn a grade of d . 
