we could paraphras michel pfieffer 's charact in danger mind and say that beyond rangoon start with an `` a . `` 
that 's fair enough . 
all movi , like all school children , should be given the benefit of the doubt . 
the chanc to succeed . 
after all , we like to think that the right combin of talent and effort can do wonder . 
mountain can be move , and good movi can be made . 
yeah right . 
children fail , as do film . 
as doe director john boorman 's latest . 
the success of beyond rangoon hing on the believ of patricia arquett ( ed wood , true romanc ) as the busti westerner-in-peril wander about 1988 burma without a passport . 
though we can stomach the mild plot contriv that get her there , it 's a tougher task to overlook the actress . 
she 's a lightweight . 
as the first scene ( with narrat ! ) 
demonstr , she doe n't have * nearli * enough rang for the emot that her charact -- a mother flee the memori of a murder husband and son -- is suppos to show . 
she may give a stronger perform than , say , keanu reev in a walk in the cloud , by not by much . 
beyond rangoon is a veri physic appeal film , thank to the practic craftsmanship of john boorman ( deliver , excalibur , hope and glori ) . 
he keep the narr move , no matter how muddi the stori -- or the heroin -- get . 
whi he chose arquett remain a mysteri , though . 
mayb he wa think that the dramat weight of the stori would overcom ani cast defici . 
but even after an hour of half-stat polit statement and murki mass kill , we * still * do n't know enough of what 's happen in thi countri to feel distress for the charact or their situat . 
empti exotic . 
the technic credit in beyond rangoon are a curiou mix , combin lush jungl photographi with bad blue-screen work . 
also odd is the obviou dub . 
done to make some of the foreign charact sound less foreign ? 
and , is it my mistak , or do the same extra keep reappear as differ soldier ? ? 
doo doo doo doo . 
[ `` twilight zone `` theme , or opinion of movi . 
you be the judg . ] 
