thi well-conceiv but ultra sugari coming-of-ag film is not for everyon , and i includ myself as one of those who found it too sappi for my digest . 
joseph cross ( joshua beal ) is a 10-year-old who is sadden by the recent loss of hi grandfath ( loggia ) to bone marrow cancer . 
loggia is wonder in relat to the child in such a wholesom manner , it almost save thi film from drown in syrup . 
the beal are like a sitcom idyl famili , where everyon is just so nice and affluent , and properli religi without be fanat . 
the beal , the father ( deni leari ) and hi wife ( dana delani ) , are both success doctor ; julia stile play joshua 's older sister , needl her younger brother but also show that she realli care about him . 
thi is a famili seemingli conceiv in heaven , but live in south philadelphia , send their children to a well-run cathol school . 
joshua , the protagonist and the narrat of thi yarn , is a handsom , sweet , intellig , friendli , and endear child , who doe well in school , relat to the nun and priest , and talk polit to hi well-mean parent . 
all thi mawkish interplay make it almost too nauseat to watch . 
the plot aris when joseph ha a problem cope with the death of hi belov grandfath , who promis to be with him forev . 
hi answer is to search for god , pretti headi stuff for a youngster hi age to do , but that 's just the way it is , sometim . 
thi search for god take us nowher becaus , as hi friend david ( reifsnyd ) say , where can you look for him if he doe n't exist . 
now , that 's a smart kid . 
but joseph look for him in the usual place , and what better place than to start in the parochi school he attend . 
one of hi teacher is the kind-heart sister terri ( rosi o'donnel ) , who wear a philli basebal hat and equat the jesu stori with basebal , make him the clean-up hitter , and in my opinion , if she wa n't a big tv star , would have a vocat as a parochi school teacher , she is that convinc . 
throughout the film , she is save from answer ani tough ( sic ! ) 
question about god by the bell , as it ring to end the class . 
noth much happen in the search for god , there is no parodi of the cathol school ; though a visit cardin is found by the boy not to be abl to talk to god , but thi is gentl stuff , no real critic or search for god is attempt . 
what come next into play is some hollywood hokum , which is design not to upset anyon , as joseph ha a reassur encount with a real , live angel , a blond littl boy hi own age and dress like him in the cathol school uniform who wear the innocu smile of a goody-goodi . 
the film end as thi angel ( ! ! ! ) 
tell him hi grandfath is all right . 
hi quest is end , as appar angel do n't have wing and are approach ; and god , well , . . . 
mayb that 's for anoth film down the road . 
thi part of the film wa the final straw for me , i could n't swallow ani more goo . 
as thi film flop commerci , hi next one , the sixth sens , pare down the schmaltz and came up smell like a rose . 
though if you look through the clever of both script , thi director is load with hokum , all he ha learn how to do , is hide the hokum better . 
well , god bless him , if he can do that . 
thi is a nice famili pictur and there is room for it in hollywood . 
it 's just too bad that it had noth relev or even truth to say about death , children in a parochi elementari school , or for that matter , about god . 
and that famili of hi , they 're too good for word . 
yet the film meant well and it benign messag had it heart in the right place . 
for those who want to see someth soft , without a bite to it , thi is the one . 
