in `` gia `` , angelina joli play the titular charact , the first so-cal supermodel . 
and right there you have the biggest hurdl thi movi had to overcom ( in my eye , anyway ) . 
i just do n't see how the life of a model is worthi of a two hour film . 
despit thi , i kept an open mind when i began watch the movi . 
sadli , though , my fear were realiz . 
it 's just not possibl to make an interest , full-length film about a person who spend their day wear differ cloth . 
the movi follow the rise and fall of gia ( no last name ) , a tumultu woman who doe n't particularli enjoy the world of fashion . 
she becom famou more quickli than she can handl , and find herself hook on drug and on a woman she can not have . 
the last hour of the film is just one scene after anoth of gia get high , lose a job , and go into rehab . 
thi formula is repeat sever time , and i realli got tire of it . 
in gener , i tend to dislik movi featur heavi drug use . 
no becaus it offend me or anyth like that ; it just bore me . 
quit frankli , i do n't see the appeal , so when a director show me a point-of-view shot of a junki , complet with tipsi camera angl and echo voic , i am left somewhat unimpress . 
the first hour of the film , though , wa actual quit engag . 
we see gia as she is discov and move to new york with her boyfriend . 
these earli scene were interest . 
we 're shown the fashion world through a newcom eye , and it wa a perspect i had n't seen befor . 
the movi begin to go downhil , howev , onc gia becom an establish model . 
> from that point , i lost all interest in the movi and wa count the minut befor it would end . 
it all seem so excess . 
fine , so gia had a drug problem , doe thi realli need to domin the film ? 
could n't the same effect have been had with a five or ten minut montag of scene featur gia experi with drug ? 
or perhap thi film is meant to be a warn to aspir model not to get into the drug world . 
quit possibl , although sinc i have no desir to becom a model , thi warn is lost on me . 
as i state at the begin of thi review , i simpli do n't see how the life of a model is worthi of a feature-length motion pictur . 
what do they do that warrant a movi ? 
strut their stuff for thousand of dollar an hour ? 
i suppos the same could be said about make movi about basebal player , for exampl , but at least somebodi like lou gehrig led an interest life . 
gia did not . 
and by the end of the film , all i knew about gia for sure wa that she hate model , wa bi-sexu , and wa heavili into drug . 
not exactli a meaning contribut to societi , as far as i 'm concern . 
