in thi year 's summer movi preview issu of _entertainment_weekly_ , theresa connelli describ her writing-direct debut , _polish_wedding_ , as `` a child that did not quit becom the child i thought it would . `` 
one wonder what exactli she origin had in mind for thi jumbl film , a comedy-drama that appear doom at it most basic element . 
the famili at the center of _polish_wedding_ is the pzoniak , which consist of mother jadzia ( lena olin ) , father bolek ( gabriel byrn ) , sole daughter hala ( clair dane ) and four son of vari degre of faceless . 
it 's a larg famili , but there 's not a sympathet one in the whole bunch , certainli not in the primari trio . 
jadzia take pride in build and maintain a home and famili , but she 's kind of a hypocrit sinc she 's carri on an affair with a businessman rade serbedzija ) . 
her excus for her affair is neglect from bolek , who is such a passiv wimp that one can not connect with hi sad and frustrat . 
also , how could he possibl pay so littl attent to the sauci , sexi jadzia ? 
hala is a spoil , self-cent high school dropout whose reckless sexual experiment predict lead to pregnanc . 
with such an unapp set of charact , it 's no surpris that _polish_wedding_ 's plot complic are far from involv . 
natur , jadzia and bolek would like hala to marri the young cop , russel schuster ( adam trese ) , who father the child , but he refus to make such a commit . 
ho-hum . 
anoth complic , involv the decidedli un-virgin hala be select to crown a statu of the virgin mari , is first play for laugh and then , inexplic , as a profound statement in the film 's climax -- which , iron , is funnier than ani of the film 's lame attempt at humor , such as a pain labor slapstick attempt where jadzia lead her son in a charg to beat up russel . 
that scene is but one in a number of write miscu by connelli . 
the jadzia-bolek conflict is resolv in an overli pat way not unfamiliar to sitcom viewer . 
the hala-russel conflict is n't resolv in as contriv a manner , but their ultim resolut will leav viewer wonder if they had miss someth . 
and then there 's some atroci dialogu , which i am sure wa not suppos to be as ridicul as they sound : `` look at all these pickl . 
just look at them give me such great sad . `` 
as misguid as _polish_wedding_ is , the affair is someth of a letdown , consid the strong perform by byrn , dane , and especi the fieri olin . 
they obvious believ in connelli and her materi -- a faith that audienc will be hard-press to share . 
