sever day after have seen thi movi , i 'm still tri to determin what director christoph guest , a man whose sens of humor i usual appreci , found funni in either the concept or the execut of almost hero . 
thi is a dread motion pictur ? a lowbrow exampl of period piec comedi with terribl product valu and an except poor laughs-to-jok ratio . 
there 's a kind of desper in the movi 's approach to humor that reveal the film maker ' uncertainti about how entertain the materi is ; the manic style betray itself as a last-ditch attempt to hide the flaw of a fail script . 
the premis doe n't sound especi amus to begin with ? almost hero tell the tale of two explor , the effemin lesli edward ( matthew perri ) and the uncouth bartholomew hunt ( chri farley ) , who are race lewi and clark on the trip to the american northwest . 
edward and hunt are accompani by the kind of weirdo we find in road movi ( albeit of the early-19th centuri varieti ) , includ a frenchman name guy fontenot who claim to speak hundr of languag ( none of which prove to be use ) , a pretti indian maiden who turn into the obligatori love interest , and a bizarr man who suffer a seri of debilit injuri . 
along the way , the intrepid explor encount bear , bald eagl , age nativ american warrior , and a conquistador name hildago ( kevin dunn ) who rave about hi beauti hair . 
the explor ' trek take them through forest , across the snow-cap rocki mountain , and over a waterfal . 
thi setup lead to a lot of shout , a great deal of lunaci , and veri few laugh . 
farley engag in hi usual shtick of fall down and bellow , but , asid from an momentarili divert confront with an eagl , hi heart doe n't seem to be in it . 
matthew perri , one of the star of tv 's friend ( who had some modest success in the romant comedi , fool rush in ) is badli miscast . 
as a foil for farley and an antidot to hi runaway energi , perri lack the necessari edg of the proverbi straight man . 
i 'm not a big fan of david spade , and i did n't like tommi boy , but at least he and farley work well togeth . 
as far as the support player go , none of them make more than a fleet impress . 
eugen levi is wast , and kevin dunn is about as interest here as he is in godzilla . 
frankli , it 's a disappoint to see someth thi dumb and ugli come from christoph guest , the brilliant comic forc behind such film as thi is spinal tap , the big pictur , and wait for guffman . 
although guest get the costum right , thi nearly-inconsequenti success is no substitut for the weak script and unfunni execut . 
the special effect , such as they are , are execr . 
for an exampl of some realli poor blue screen work , look at the scene where the charact are shoot the rapid ( they 're obvious get bucket of water thrown on them ) and where farley is be carri off by an eagl . 
even though farley did n't have the most stellar of act career , he doe n't deserv the kind of unfortun epitaph offer by almost hero . 
while some of the more outrag attempt at humor may coax a few guffaw from 12-year old boy , the level of comedi in almost hero fall far below the level of sophomor . 
farley fan who see thi film as a way to say goodby should be commend for their loyalti , sinc it take real stamina to stay seat for the full run length of thi cinemat tortur session . 
