dr dolittl ( 20th centuri fox ) run time : 1 hour 25 minut star eddi murphi direct by betti thoma ride high on the success of the nutti professor ( 1996 ) , murphi return in thi abysm comedi . 
he play doctor john dolittl , who as a child had the abil to understand anim . 
howev , after be 'exorcis ' he lose thi abil , and we fast forward to see dolittl in a crummi job surround by crummi peopl ( most notabl dr mark weller , play by oliv platt . ) 
howev , with a bonk on the head hi abil to understand anim return , and 'comedi ' is readi and wait to happen . 
except comedi never doe happen . 
doctor dolittl , even with the excel premis , rare manag to rais a laugh . 
poor old murphi look bore stiff throughout the whole movi , and hi perform suffer . 
the manic murphi we saw in the 80 's is gone , hi more matur ( and more bore ) twin appear to be get all the work in the 90 's . 
the voic of the anim , which includ albert brook , chri rock ( the 'new ' eddi murphi ) and norm mcdonald as 'lucki ' the dog are margin better , and at least they put enthusiasm in the movi . 
sadli , most of their line are pretti dumb . 
and they 're not 'funni ' dumb , like dumb & dumber ( 1994 ) , but just bore dumb . 
the film even succumb to fart joke halfway through , in a desper attempt to rais some laugh . 
there are a few good joke in the script , but they are few and far between . 
if i had to choos a favourit perform , it would probabl be albert brook tiger , who ha a certain charm about him . 
sadli , he 's bare in the movi , and rock 's realli annoy hamster is given far too much screen time . 
joke wise , we are thank , spare the mock and insult type of joke that featur heavili in the nutti professor . 
the director , betti thoma , ha , well , done better film . 
she bought us privat part ( 1997 ) and the bradi bunch movi ( 1995 ) which were , sadli , much better than thi . 
the scene lack ani charm , she just get the job done . 
the anim themselv , are reason realist , although most of them are obvious puppet . 
there 's an impress look tiger , howev , and the lip sync is pretti good . 
you 'd have no problem guess that most of the close up 's are puppet , howev , with their jilt movement . 
i wa hope jim henson workshop , who creat the furri friend , would have done a better job . 
doctor dolittl , in the end , is a disappoint for everyon involv . 
murphi ha done much better movi ( i . e 
trade place ) the director ha seen better day , and even the creatur are n't that good . 
the target audienc , age between 7-13 , who are undemand , will probabl like it howev , thank to it 's dumb down humour . 
everyon els , howev , should give doctor dolittl a miss . 
