when i wa nine , i start buy the coolest toy figur in my local depart store . 
master of the univers wa the pinnacl of what i wa after for action figur : they combin scienc fiction and fantasi , had cool name like mekanek and stinkor and each came with it own littl comic book to read . 
of cours , the anim seri produc by filmat remain one of the most wildli success televis product in world histori . 
given the tremend success of the toy and the cartoon ( not to mention it moder success spin-off she-ra : princess of power ) , it wa inevit that a product compani would put two and two togeth , come with the result of `` trillion `` and make a live-act master movi . 
let 's be blunt : master of the univers is a veri bad movi . 
the stori is pain dull and mind-numbingli clich ( hand up who * would n't * guess he-man and skeletor take their fight into the real world ) and is act out by either incred untal actor ( dolph lundgren as he-man for one ) or good actor ( jame tolkan , meg foster ) given such aw charact and dialogu that they ca n't help but seem terribl . 
it is extrem clear that someon make the movi want it to be as good as star war . 
we have the alien bounti hunter , the desert skif technolog , stormtroop lookalik and a music score so reminisc of john william that `` deja vu `` is too polit a term to use in describ it . 
`` blatant uninspir ripoff `` would appear more appropri . 
tv fan might want to check out courtney cox ( monica in friend ) and robert duncan mcneill ( lt pari in star trek : voyag ) , veri earli in their career and not do to well in them either . 
so in the face of such mindless sub-mediocr , is there anyth to make master of the univers worth watch at all ? 
ye , there is . 
one incred good reason . 
hi name is frank langella . 
langella ha alway been one of the underr actor of hollywood , appear in countless film over the year . 
here he play skeletor , the villain of the piec . 
dress in opul black velvet robe and bear a skull for a face , he is one part darth vader , one part emperor and two part grim reaper . 
given thi charact , langella fall right into it with style and precis . 
skeletor is believ , interest and manag to tread the fine line between be a homag to the past and startlingli origin in hi own right . 
master of the univers . 
i rememb love it when i wa eleven . 
at twenti one it 's difficult to see whi . 
but , as i said , it is bless with a superl villain who make the entir thing worth the tedium of the remaind . 
besid , thi year mark the film 's 10th anniversari . 
watch it with some friend for a good laugh and celebr . 
