battlefield earth is the worst film of 2000 , and i guarante you that noth els thi year will even come close . 
in fact , i 'll be surpris if i see anyth thi bad in the next ten year . 
base on the novel by scientolog guru l . ron hubbard , battlefield earth begin and we immedi find out two piec of key inform . 
it 's the year 3000 , and an alien race call the psychlo ( which sound like a tag team of mexican wrestler ) conquer our planet in nine minut . 
ok , we are all of 10 second in and i have a zillion question race through my mind . 
when were we conquer ? 
the audienc is led to believ that thi happen about 1 , 000 year earlier , and if that is the case then we 're go to get into a whole bunch of problem later ( trust me . . . 
keep read ) . 
also , whi do n't we get to see earth get conquer ? 
how the hell do you make a popcorn sci-fi flick and not deliv the good on the one event that set up the film ? 
human now live as cavemen or slave labor , and for the film 's first act we focu on one particular cavemen group outsid of denver , colorado . 
they grunt and groan and babbl about monster . 
so , when the psychlo conquer earth , were the onli human not captur a herd of newborn babi that crawl their way to safeti in the hill ? 
none of these charact have ani knowledg of the planet be conquer ( whenev that wa ) . 
thi is definit not the way to start an action/sci-fi film . 
one of the human wander out into the wilder and stumbl across what he think is a monster , and he begin to fight it . 
the `` monster `` turn out to be a dinosaur from an old miniatur golf cours . 
he turn around and see all sort of other charact from the golf cours , with some shrub grow over them . 
so , in 1 , 000 year thi stupid littl golf cours ha stood the test of time , with onli a few weed grow over it ? 
anyway , some of the human are captur by the psychlo led by terl ( john travolta ) a smarmi and opportunist alien plan on steal a recent discov gold deposit . 
the cavemen ( led by barri pepper ) are forc to do their bid or whatev , but eventu they gain the upper hand and reclaim the planet , or someth . 
so these cavemen are abl to do what earth fail to do 1 , 000 year earlier ? 
and , we 're suppos to believ that earth wa conquer in nine minut by a group of buffoonish alien who ca n't even handl a few cavemen ? 
one of the way the human reclaim the planet is by take control of abandon air forc jet and use them to fight the psychlo . 
so jet left unattend for 1 , 000 year are still abl to fli ? 
pleas , if i leav my car unattend for two week i have to replac everi fluid and hose under the hood . 
whi did the psychlo leav jet around anyway ? 
should n't they have destroy militari instal dure their massiv nine minut campaign against us ? 
the psychlo refer to human as `` man anim `` but yet dog are still `` dog `` . 
whi are n't they `` dog anim `` ? 
the psychlo are after mine earth 's preciou resourc , but for 1 , 000 year are unawar of fort knox ? 
whi do i even care at thi point ? 
i 'm a fan of travolta 's and i 'm glad to see he 's back on the a-list in hollywood ( despit the fact that he occasion put out crowd pleas dreck like michael and phenomenon ) . 
but how did he possibl think thi wa a good movi ? 
and how did he think he wa give a good perform here ? 
he 's more than capabl of make a menac villain ( see broken arrow and face/off ) but whenev hi charact came on screen i could n't hold back my laughter . 
now despit the differ facial featur member of thi alien race seem to have , travolta just look like travolta . 
all of the other alien have weird forehead or other pointi bone on their face , but travolta just ha a goate . 
also , travolta 's act with a sort of phoni upper-class snooti accent and constantli whine about bureaucrat nonsens back on hi home world . 
ooooo , scari villain . 
as a produc he should know better and as an actor he should definit know better . 
you can make a dumb but good sci-fi film ( i love independ day for exampl ) , but there is absolut noth entertain about battlefield earth . 
i did everyth i possibl could to stay awak dure the screen . . . 
i clean my glass , walk around the theater , made a groceri list , chose my lotteri number for the week , replay super bowl xxv in my head ( with commerci ) . . . 
and still wa compel to scrutin the insid of my eyelid . 
by the time we actual reach the year 3000 , peopl should still be avoid thi film . 
folk , save your cash . . 
do n't go see it , do n't rent it , and do n't buy it . 
you 'd be more entertain by take the money you 'd use for thi movi and just throw it into the wind , watch it sail away ( hell , send it to us here at the jacksonvil film journal . . . 
we 'll entertain you plenti with that kind of money ) . 
unless of cours you 're just captiv by countless slow motion shot of barri pepper run , which is just about all you 'll come away with from thi movi . 
that , and a headach . 
[ editor 's note : for some reason though , the day after my screen i convert to scientolog . 
i 'm not sure whi . . . 
someth just made me feel compel make the choic . ] 
