bruce willi need to stay away from straightforward action pictur . 
mercuri rise add to a grow list ( includ such stinker as the jackal , last man stand , strike distanc and the last boy scout ) of stale action he ha headlin . 
and though mercuri rise tri to spice thing up by throw an autist kid in the mix , it is everi bit as stale . 
art jeffri ( bruce willi ) is your typic torment fbi agent . 
you know the type , haunt by hi job , yet so good at what he doe that even physic assault anoth agent mere get him a slap on the wrist . 
enter simon ( miko hugh ) , an autist boy , who , like rain man and all other autist peopl , is a savant . 
he can mere gaze at a super-encrypt messag , and , while littl comput beep go off in hi head , he can understand what it say . 
natur , thi talent ha brought him to the attent of the feder govern . 
lt . col . nichola kudrow ( alec baldwin ) , an nsa offici bubbl over with evil , ha spent countless time and money implement the newest `` unbreak `` code , mercuri . 
howev , when two of hi underl ( robert stanton and bodhi pine elfman ) publish a mercury-encrypt messag in a puzzl magazin as a final test of it effect , simon crack the code . 
natur , thi infuri kudrow , who send a terminator-lik hitman ( l . l . 
ginter ) to elimin the secur hazard . 
and that 's where art jeffri come in . 
for some reason that 's never explain in the film , the fbi is call in to help , and through a seri of intric machin , art becom the sole protector of the young autist boy . 
in a few unrealist sequenc , he enlist the aid of a stranger , stacey ( kim dicken ) , to help out , but she is given veri littl to do overal . 
the central concept behind mercuri rise is ludicr . 
whi bother tri to kill the kid . . . i 
mean , who would know ? 
it 's not like the kid ( or anyon els for that matter ) knew he wa crack a govern super-cyph . 
and even if he is elimin , what doe that help ? 
he 's alreadi proven that mercuri can be broken . 
there 's alway the chanc that someon els would crack it . . . but 
i guess without a kid in jeopardi , there 's not much of a movi here . 
for all it fault , the film actual start rel well ( onc you pass the pain familiar teaser ) . 
the film flirt with develop real charact , and a semblanc of a plot . . . then 
mr . termin the hitman appear and everyth begin go downhil . . . quickli . 
miko hugh doe a decent job , for hi age , at creat a touch perform . 
howev , do n't go to thi film look for ani new insight into autism ( not that mani peopl will ) . 
instead he mere becom the latest uniqu partner in a routin buddy-cop movi ( think cop and a half . . . with a twist ! ) 
willi and baldwin are just overplay to type . 
rather than creat a nuanc charact , baldwin simpli ooz slimi . 
and for willi ' part , he simpli recycl the stock role of the loner cop/fbi agent ( which he ha hone in the die hard seri ) . 
as almost an afterthought , about halfway through , the film carelessli give him a charact trait ( an addict ) , and then drop it in the next scene . 
but the biggest problem with mercuri rise is the screenplay . 
thi film wa n't well thought out at all . 
the film goe to extraordinari length to pad in as mani conveni coincid as possibl . 
the carbon paper scene alon is unworthi of the most gullibl audienc member . 
at first the bad scene just trickl in , but by the gruesom bad final they 're a verit flood . 
the film 's few decent moment come in the form of bad joke ( mainli from the geek who develop the supercod ) . 
but they 're not nearli enough to make the film worthwhil . 
mercuri rise is a thriller that you 're more like to groan at than cheer . 
