thi is one of the worst big-screen film experi i 've had for a while . 
with thi film , plu ` showgirl ' and ` basic instinct ' , paul verhoeven ha stamp himself as current one of the worst blockbust director . 
hi celebr film ` total recal ' wa ? i admit ? success script , but it nonetheless contain directori flaw . 
obvious nobodi want to invest too much money in a product from someon like verhoeven , the result be that much of the special effect in ` starship ' seem fake . 
but not everyth bad in the film wa the director 's fault , even though he wa one of the guy who employ the actor . 
it is surpris that none of the actor receiv nomin for the razzi award ( i expect five for the act categori ) . 
casserol vaniti devoid , dens ribald , dingi miasma , and jackass bushi are in seriou need of act school . 
no , they have to pass primari school drama class first . 
while ` total ' wa written well , ` starship ' is pure pathet . 
all right , it is suppos to be a fast-pac entertain film , and you 're suppos to turn off your intellect ( complet ) and enjoy the action sequenc and special effect ( that is , gut and gore ) . 
as a matter of fact , i found the activ incred bore , a complet wast of more than two hour . 
half of the film wa a bad episod of ` beverli hill 90210 ' ( dina meyer wa in `` beverli hill `` ) , while anoth quarter wa simpli noth ( thing like present irrelev inform in an irrit way on the web ) , and the rest wa a display of human fight computer-gener imag . 
the battl were all the same ? jump around , shoot or get stab ? and on barren planet that onli had giant insect . 
there were n't even ani stunt , which i consid slightli more excit than pictur run around . 
i wonder what the insect eat , if there 's noth but them on the planet ? 
there is so much laughabl treatment in thi film , and it is frankli not amus when joke are intend . 
thi type of stori is obvious aim at 10-year-old , who ca n't see it anyway becaus of the violenc and some sexual . 
but then , there are alway 16-year-old who have that frame of mind . 
the pointless plot begin when johnni 's ( vaniti devoid ) girlfriend carmen ( richard ) decid that she want to join the trooper to fight the insect who are throw asteroid at earth . 
johnni then sign up as a trooper also , after an overact argument with hi parent . 
but there is anoth girl , dizzi ( meyer ) , who like johnni and then there is anoth boy who like carmen , which result in a love quadrangl , which is n't better , becaus it mean augment worse-than-stereotyp soap opera , increas bitchi , and more bad beverli hill + melros . 
and the result of thi love quadrangl at the end is also rather stupid . 
anyway , get back to the thing you might call plot , johnni is too stupid to be a pilot and ha to join the infantri , while hi girl and the other dude are in the same leagu . 
dizzi come chase johnni and join the infantri also . 
they then start train , which contain what roger ebert call ip ( idiot plot syndrom , moment when onli an idiot would have made such obviou mistak ) , then real combat . 
and guess what ? 
that 's about as complex as it get . 
oh , and one of their friend , carl ( neil patrick harri a . k . a . doogi howser m . d . ) , becom involv in war intellig , and hi abil at the end are realli corni and make me want to spray insecticid on someon for it . 
he 's my fifth nom for a razzi . 
the trooper fight , fall in love , die , kill , and tri to act . 
natur , they win , or sort of half-win . 
of cours , in between ( and at the end ) there are soldier chat and smile while carri grievou wound caus by bug leg . 
the bug also suffer from ip : whi would you releas hold of your captiv befor kill it ? 
is n't it also amaz that earthl have n't invent better hand-held weapon by then ? 
the onli question that remain is whi i gave it one star instead of zero . 
well , mayb a-quart ( of a star ) for the origin of the co-sex shower scene and the ( veri ) brief moment of suspens , anoth quarter for copi ` zulu ' and let the good guy ( the bug ) win , and half a star for the sucking-out of the brain of one of those peopl who call themselv actor ( but there should have been more , the trooper deserv to die ) . 
