phew , what a mess ! 
for hi fifth collabor with director rich- ard donner ( lethal weapon i-iii , maverick ) , mel gibson play a motormouth , mayb mental ill new york citi cabbi , jerri , whose wild conspiraci theori are all but ignor by alic ( julia robert , act all seriou ) , the justic depart employe that he ha a crush on . 
she not interest , but anoth person is : a cia psychiatrist ( patrick stewart ) who promptli kidnap him . 
is one of jerri 's conjectur correct ? 
* is * the metal strip in the new $ 100 bill be use to track your movement ? 
is oliv stone still aliv , becaus he cut a deal with georg bush to spread * di * inform ? 
is thi movi realli about * ani * of the craze cabbi 's theori ? 
no , no , and no . 
as it turn out , there 's some other nonsens go on here , involv and revolv around jerri 's background . 
( hint : pay attent to an earli scene where jerri black out and flash back , in quick success , to imag of an interrog room , hypoderm needl , and ms . robert herself . ) 
the * initi * premis is pretti good and is play , for a while , at a delight dizzi clip . 
mel is wider-open that we 've ever seen him and , if hi charact 's relationship with robert ' initi strain credibl , their combin star power is bliss intox . 
( the highest wattag of the summer , perhap ? ) 
even when the plot contriv begin to intrud , the two remain a randi dandi screen pair . 
there 's a great scene in jerri 's fortress , er , apart , with alic tri to act casual as her hyperact host tri to rememb the combin to a lock coffe bean contain . 
( which he store in anoth lock con- tainer , hi fridg . ) 
other hilari moment , of which there are mani , includ a trio of memor convention-break , where alic ditch a tail , jerri cold-cock someon , and , later , elud a foot pursuit , each in a uproari unexpect fashion . 
( that 's donner 's own ladyhawk play in the theater , btw . ) 
let 's see , other pleasur includ . . . 
a brilliant titl sequenc , a jazzi score from carter burwel , and the worth-paying-to-se sight of robert pump lead into one bad guy and slam anoth 's head into a wall . 
oh , pretti woman ! 
get to the latter , howev , requir slog through an increasingli overburden and ultim unapp stori . 
the last hour of conspiraci theori devolv from toler to tortur to almost unwatch . 
more stuff happen of the stupid shit varieti than is worth mention here , except , perhap , for a late sequenc that ha alic locat jerri in an abandon wing of a mental hospit by hear hi voic carri through the air duct . 
and here i thought it wa wabbit season . 
good god , who rewrit these movi ? 
and do they arriv in nondescript black vehicl ? 
