everyth about thi ninth trek movi seem on the cheap , from the roger corman-grad special effect to it highli deriv and ugli ad campaign ( the poster is nearli ident to that of star trek vi : the undiscov countri ) . 
but piller 's not-quite-half-bak screenplay should ultim claim respons for insurrect 's failur . 
i 'm about to give the same advic to rick berman and co . 
as i 've given to the financi of jame bond movi : it 's time to breath life into thi workhors by hire solid genr writer and a real director . 
( while we 're at it , put that visor back on laforg ! ) 
for three hundr year , the ba'ku speci ( who look just like human ) have live on a ringed-planet that might as well be call the fountain of youth . 
six hundr of them occupi the briar patch , the area affect by metaphas radit , a posit energi that revers the age process in the elderli . 
but evil ru'afo ( thi is probabl abraham 's last stop befor perform `` amadeu `` at a dinner theatr near you ) , leader of the son ' a ( who look just like burn victim after reconstruct surgeri ) , want to reloc the ba'ku and movi hi peopl onto the briar patch in their place , in order to replenish hi die breed . 
the feder is all for thi , but picard feel thi is a direct violat of the prime direct : to not interfer with the develop of an alien race . 
( never mind that the ba'ku did n't exactli evolve-they went wander in the univers one day and stumbl upon the magic world . ) 
everi time frake give an interview late , he seem to top whatev ludicr statement he last gave regard thi instal . 
he ha call it a comedi , a think man 's pictur , a throwback to the old seri , and , most grievous , he ha liken it to a john ford western . 
( i presum that 's some john ford he went to school with , not the director of the searcher . ) 
he ha also gone on record as say paramount recut the film from hi version . 
that 's no excuse-someon gener thi footag . 
muddi cinematographi and sitcom set are the least of it problem ; star trek : insurrect appear to have been beam in from the planet plotholia . 
consid such curios . . . 
picard 's love interest , anij ( donna murphi ) , can slow thing down by stare at them ( such as a waterfal or fall rock ) -her scientif explan for thi ? 
`` do n't ask . `` 
worf get a pimpl ( he 's re-experienc klingon puberti thank to the time-defi atmospher ) , laforg regain hi eyesight ( trust me , levar burton 's real eye are scarier than those electron lens he wore in first contact ) and troi brag about her firm boob , but picard remain as bald as an android 's butt . 
most suspici , what exactli is the problem with let thi endang race have a littl fun in the sun ? 
the filmmak cloud the issu with some nonsens about a famili feud of sort , and they also turn ru'afo into a complet power-mad superfreak , just so the charact will have someth to do in the climax . 
( and if you 've seen return of the jedi , you 've seen the end of thi movi . ) 
did n't picard himself previous disobey the prime direct when he prevent the borg from assimil million ? 
frake luck out with first contact , and repeat view of that film reveal the seed of what went wrong in hi direct of insurrect : he ha no sens of comic time , and he mine for act chemistri where none exist . 
( take a look at the pain `` troi get drunk `` scene in fc and you 'll get the gener idea of insurrect 's unsuccess jokey and hollow tone . ) 
even the worst shatner and co . 
trek , like the final frontier , maintain a watchabl thank to the effortless , charm comaraderi between kirk , spock , and bone . 
neither first contact nor insurrect ha ani idea what to do with crusher ( gate mcfadden , whom i must say maintain a fabul physiqu ) , troi , or laforg . 
and all three next gener film spend too much time on data , who is the franchis 's answer to urkel . 
need a cheap laugh ? 
have data say someth sexual , or start sing , or lift up a four hundr pound boulder as if it 's the hunk of styrofoam it realli is . 
here 's my propos titl for number 10 : data star data trek : data data data data data . 
in thi movi , data will becom preoccupi with learn to blow hi nose , while crusher and troi watch silent from 500 yard away and laforg point hi sinist gaze at the android in doubli robot observ . 
star trek : insurrect had one nice , eeri , silent moment that hint at a better , darker film . 
i 'm not say all of them should be star trek ii : the wrath of khan , but thi one boldli went where no movi should go again . 
