note : some may consid portion of the follow text to be spoiler . 
be forewarn . 
`` quick , robin ! 
the anti-shark repel ! `` 
- adam west in the 1966 batman featur film , casual kick at a pathetic-look rubber shark attach to hi leg 
i had never thought that an entri in the modern incarn of the batman featur film would approach thi level of campi , but in mani instanc batman and robin near , and at some point even exce thi standard . 
thi is a disaster bad film , easili the worst in the seri to date , and fairli epitom a cinemat definit of the word excess - it 's loud , garish , and obnoxi , with pointless , gratuit action sequenc and set piec which clutter up the screen with elabor product design to the point of overkil . 
batman and robin featur the cape crusad ( georg clooney debut as batman , with chri o'donnel retur as robin ) squar off against anoth bevi of chemically-induc villain - the nefari ice-cold mr . freez ( arnold schwarzenegg ) , arm with a weapon which freez everyth in it sight , and the slinki poison ivi ( uma thurman ) , who ha the abil to blow power love dust into the face of men in order so that they will fall helplessli in love with her ( not that the dust is realli necessari to accomplish thi result , but whatev ) , and then dispatch them with a poison kiss . 
by ivi 's side is the giant steroid monster bane ( jeep swanson ) , a grunt hulk of a beast . 
the villain ' goal are nobl one - freez steal diamond to power hi climat suit ( in order to keep hi bodi temperatur at zero degre ) , so that he can surviv in order to devis a cure for hi belov wife ( vendela ) , die of a degen diseas and frozen in suspend anim , and ivi 's intent is to restor the domin of plant life on earth , albeit by destroy all human life . 
meanwhil , on the homefront , life at wayn manor is thrown into upheav by the ill of butler alfr pennyworth ( michael gough ) , and the arriv of hi niec barbara ( alicia silverston ) . 
akiva goldsman 's screenplay for the film is ridicul and laughabl bad , with astonishingli terribl dialogu , lame joke , and an aw by-the-numb plot which simpli coast along and fail to gener ani genuin excit . 
it make goldsman 's screenplay of batman forev , which i thought wa dread , look posit inspir in comparison . 
i am still astonish that a cheesi plot devic which i 'd seen use in - no joke - an episod of gilligan 's island somehow make it way into a multimillion dollar blockbust product . 
joel schumach 's direct of batman and robin is horrif , with a terribl balanc of flashi over substanc . 
there is a clear conceit toward neon in thi film , even moreso than with hi previou batman forev , with the revamp batcav help sport gigant glow emblem for the dynam duo ( just in case , i suppos , if they ever happen to forget that the batcav is the headquart of batman and robin ) , and with neon promin figur in an utterly-pointless fight sequenc with bane and a street gang over ivi 's chosen new abod . 
anoth action sequenc which fail to serv ani use point other than to chew up five minut of screentim involv an incred uninvolv late-night motorcycl race with barbara and some gotham goon . 
mr . schumach 's focu for batman and robin appear to be to make the film as visual strike as possibl , to the detriment of the stori - there are drastic shift in the tone of the film between all-out camp and heartfelt drama , with the latter complet unconvinc and ineffect . 
it is perhap not the most promis of sign when the group i wa with burst out laugh within twenti second of the film 's open , even befor a singl line of dialogu had been utter . 
is batman and robin suppos to be campi ? 
i think it is - it 's hard to imagin that the filmmak could have intend mani part of the film to be taken at all serious . 
( one of my favourit wa when bane help grunt `` bomb ! `` 
each time he laid down an explos devic in the gotham observatori . ) 
is it suppos to be as overli campi as it turn out to be ? 
i somehow doubt it - the subplot involv afr is deliv so solemnli and with such grave that the impress is made that the film is n't attempt to be the utter farc which it is . 
arnold schwarzenegg is top-bil in the film as the villain mr . freez , and is bland and uninterest , perhap the worst thing that a villain can be . 
mr . schwarzenegg 's attempt to be menac are laughabl , and hi attempt at convey patho are laughabl ; frankli , everyth he doe onscreen is laughabl . 
by the end of the film , i wa stifl a chuckl everi time he simpli appear onscreen . 
the bulk of hi perform consist of utter near-unintelligbl pun and one-lin featur everi possibl permut of `` cool ! `` 
in the least invent way . 
georg clooney ha been given veri littl to do in batman and robin , be overshadow by the villain , and consequ he look rather uncomfort in the film . 
hi batman is hardli an impos figur . 
chri o'donnel is unimpress in a one-not perform , while alicia silverston lackadas fail to make ani impress at all . 
the film 's one save grace ? 
undoubt uma thurman 's entertain perform as sexi villai poison ivi . 
her work in batman and robin is certainli over-the-top , but in a control fashion which work splendidli within the tone of the film . 
ms . thurman 's comic time is impecc , and remind us that it take skill perform to make campi work success . 
( i 'm alreadi start to posit reassess jim carrey 's perform in batman forev . ) 
her amus poison ivi is the most entertain charact in the film , and when she 's offscreen the film greatli suffer . 
i figur that if one ha to die , be kiss to death by uma thurman is n't a half-bad way to go . 
while batman and robin wa hardli a ride of pulse-pound excit , i must admit that i wa not bore watch it , although i did glanc at my watch repeatedli through the screen - my attent wa kept through anticip of the utter of yet anoth terribl pun or one-lin , and by await yet anoth scene to fall flat . 
it 's been a long time sinc i 've laugh so much at a movi . 
`` at `` , of cours , is the oper word . 
