it seem that i 've stop enjoy movi that should be fun to watch . 
take payback , for exampl , a movi that most peopl seem to like . 
howev , it 's horribl schlock , straight out of hollywood 's vast talent for suck creativ out of movi . 
it wa written and direct by a guy who should have done better ; howev , mayb he did do better , after all , 30 percent of the movi is n't hi own . 
mel gibson , that hollywood zombi , decid he did n't like the end and had anoth director reshoot it . 
what a crock . 
if you sign on to do a movi , then do it the way the script call for . 
whi film a movi and then look at it later and say , - no , i chang my mind , i do n't like the end . 
you 're fire . 
let 's get someon els to do it . 
- i suppos honor is dead in hollywood . 
the end of the film is , of cours , hollywood . 
which is to say that it 's happi and the guy you root for beat imposs odd to win hi prize . 
in thi case , as is most victori in hollywood movi , gibson 's prize is a blond and money . 
i miss origin in film , i realli do . 
i think audienc are so starv for it that they 'll flop down a lot of money in hope that a movi will be origin . 
payback 's taglin - get readi to root for the bad guy - promis an origin idea , but it wa far from the truth . 
while gibson 's charact certainli broke the law , he wa a charact that had honor ( odd that gibson himself seem to have veri littl of it ) , would n't kill in front of children and protect hi blond woman . 
there 's noth bad about him - he 's a hollywood charact , a person who could never exist in real life . 
and gibson know it - he spend hi time tri to act like a `` bad guy `` , and instead come off as pretenti and arrog . 
the stori involv gibson be double-cross by hi partner ( who is a real bad guy , which made me wish that we could root for him ) over $ 70 , 000 . 
gibson recov from multipl gunshot , is piss ( natur ) , and will do whatev it take to get the exact amount of money back - no more , no less . 
he make a point of it that it 's strictli 70 grand . 
a real bad guy would have made hi ex-partn pay 25 % interest . 
thi idea is complet stretch out . 
gibson end up go after hi partner and the chicago mafia that hi partner is affili with . 
what i did n't understand - thi is the chicago mafia . 
$ 70 , 000 is like spare chang to them . 
they 'd probabl just pay the guy rather than go through the troubl of deal with him . 
i think they 'd respect a guy go through thi much troubl for a simpl $ 70 , 000 . 
mayb i 'm be too hard on the movi . 
perhap the filmmak were just tri to make a simpl popcorn movi . 
i read roger ebert 's review and he like gibson in the role becaus he is a comic at heart play a bad guy . 
that 's whi we 're allow to root for him . 
and it 's true - gibson walk the movi as if he 's smile at a joke he just heard . 
but he 's wrong here . 
i want a lee marvin or old-tim clint eastwood or somebodi who wa n't a comic , just an ass kicker . 
as a side note , i 've just check the internet movi databas and discov that i am the 38th person to post a newsgroup review of payback . 
after thi mani review , whi would anyon want to read thi ? 
realli , i do n't care . 
i 'm just tri to gain membership into the on-lin film critic societi by post as mani review as i can . 
