when walt disney pictur announc a live-act featur base on the '60 cartoon seri of `` mr . magoo , `` special interest group repres the vision-impair let out a cri of dismay . 
mr . 
magoo , they claim , would be an insult to the men and women they repres . 
in fact , they were wrong . 
mr . 
magoo is not just an insult to the blind and near-blind , it 's an insult to everi human be who ha the misfortun to suffer through thi dread unfunni , 90 minut atroc . 
it 's state the obviou to remark that disney appear to have run out of origin idea . 
look at their roster of 1996 and 1997 releas , and you 'll see a shock list of retread , includ 101 dalmatian , georg of the jungl , jungle2jungl , that darn cat ! , flubber , and now mr . 
magoo . 
the best of these ( georg of the jungl ) wa mildli entertain . 
the worst , mr . 
magoo , expos just how pain a bad movi experi can be . 
the first problem with mr . 
magoo is the script . 
despit the collabor of nake gun scribe pat proft , mr . 
magoo is comic barren . 
from begin to end , there 's not a laugh to be found . 
everi attempt at humor -- and there are lot of them -- fall flat with an audibl thud . 
you 'd think that out of the dozen of gag jam into thi film , at least a few would work , but that 's not the case . 
i 've had more laugh dure ingmar bergman pictur . 
then there 's lesli nielsen , who look , sound , and act absolut noth like the anim charact ( memor voic by jim backu ) . 
in the past , nielsen ha proven hi comic aptitud with role in movi like airplan and the nake gun . 
late , howev , he ha been get lazi , take part in the like of dracula : dead and love it , spi hard , and mr . 
magoo . 
even if nielsen wa in top form , it would take an incred stretch of imagin to see him as magoo ( especi sinc we 're remind of the origin by the short cartoon segment that open and close the film ) , but `` top form `` is not a phrase i would use to describ hi perform here . 
thi is strictli a take-the-money-and- run oper . 
the stori , which , like mani disney stori , can be describ in one long sentenc : magoo is the onli wit to the theft of a rare jewel from a museum , and , as he is tri to apprehend the thiev on hi own , the polic mistak him for the robber . 
the cop are play by erni hudson and stephen tobolowski , who take their lump earli and often . 
the bad guy are kelli lynch ( who doe a lot of martial arts-typ kick ) , nick chinlund , and malcolm mcdowel ( who ha the good sens to look embarrass ) . 
matt keeslar portray one of magoo 's sidekick -- hi nephew , waldo . 
the bumbl man 's other , more interest companion is a dog name angu . 
most of mr . 
magoo 's humor come in the form of fail slapstick . 
the cartoon violenc level in thi film doe n't approach that of home alon 3 or flubber , but it 's still pretti acut , with charact get hit on the head with sledgehamm and knock off snowi precipic . 
there 's a non-viol bit with magoo prepar a chicken dinner that could have been funni if it wa handl better , but , compar to mr . bean 's recent , similar misadventur , it doe n't hold up well . 
then there is the seri of lame joke that result from magoo 's near blind , such as the occas when he mistak a wild anim for a babi . 
i 'm will to cut director stanley tong a littl slack . 
tong , a hong kong film maker tri to break into the hollywood market , ha helm sever jacki chan movi , includ first strike , rumbl in the bronx , and supercop . 
hi chief talent , that of choreograph martial art fight , is wast here ( despit some high kick by kelli lynch ) . 
like john woo ( hard target ) and ringo lam ( maximum risk ) befor him , it appear that tong ha been consign to the purgatori of make a bad movi as hi entri into the american mainstream . 
it is worth note that , unlik mani disney film which hold a pervers appeal for the under-10 crowd while drive parent to distract , mr . 
magoo appear to bore viewer of all age . 
the screen i attend wa wall-to-wal kid , and , for the most part , they did n't seem to be enjoy themselv . 
when the film wa over , i ask one littl girl what she thought of it . 
her pain express confirm the adag that a pictur can inde be worth a thousand word . 
mr . 
magoo is the kind of movi that should be reject by ani potenti viewer , sight unseen . 
