it is with some sad ironi that i screen fright night part 2 on the day that one of it 's star , roddi mcdowal pass away at the age of 70 . 
mcdowal wa one of the most talent and prolif actor in hollywood , have a career that span over 60 year and appear in more than 100 film . 
fright night part 2 probabl will not be count among hi more memor role . 
thi is realli sad consid how good the first fright night film wa . 
william ragsdal and roddi mcdowal both repris their role as the somewhat reluct vampir killer who seem to be the onli one that realiz that vampir walk among us . 
( at least in the movi anyway . ) 
it ha been sever year sinc charli brewster ( ragsdal ) and b-movi actor turn late night horror film host , peter vincent ( mcdowal ) came face to face with a real live vampir who just happen to be charli 's next door neighbor . 
charli and peter won that battl , but appar even vampir have rel who get piss if you kill member of their famili . 
appar charli 's former bloodsuck next door neighbor had a sister who wa none too pleas to find out that some kid and an age actor stake her sibl . 
so she decid to exact a littl bit of reveng . 
thi end up forc charli and peter to battl the forc of dark yet again . 
one of the thing that made fright night such a success wa chri sarandon who play charli 's stylish next door neighbor with a tast for blood . 
fright night part 2 tri to duplic that modern style but it fall sort . 
while they are stylish , the vamp in thi film just do n't have the person of the undead in the first film . 
with the except of a werewolf who add some much need comic relief to a few of the scene . 
one bright spot , speak from a strictli sexist point of view , is traci lin , who play charli 's veri skeptic girlfriend . 
it 's realli a shame that her career ha n't been better sinc she made thi film . 
ragsdal doe a fair job in thi film , but doe n't give nearli the perform that he did in the origin . 
roddi mcdowal make the most with what he is given , which unfortun is n't much which is a shame becaus hi charact wa a lot of fun in the origin movi . 
i guess i would have to say that the first film wa a superior product in everi way . 
the origin alway left you feel danger wa lurk right around the corner , part 2 had more of the feel of a music video . 
never a good thing for a horror film . 
anoth minu for part 2 wa the tradit scene that leav the audienc on the edg of their seat wait for someth to jump out of a shadow where veri rare . 
for that matter , they were almost nonexist . 
if i wa go to watch a horror film , thi would be far from my first choic . 
the first fright night , on the other hand , would be right up near the top of my list . 
if i wa in the mood for a roddi mcdowal film i 'd probabl head to the scienc fiction section of my local video store and rent planet of the ape . 
either way fright night part 2 would most like not enter into the equat . 
