my friend here in film school just made a two minute-long film for one of hi class that includ a stage anal rape scene , done by two guy and shot on the shadow of the incid , with a banana be use as the instrument of penetr . 
as sick as thi all is , watch it is one of the most admittingli hyster moment i 've ever wit . 
sure , it may be in bad tast , but what the hell is bad tast other than someth that may be offens to some but is riotous amus to the rest ? 
then there 's `` caligula . `` 
thi film featur incest , necrophilia , beastual , anal rape , homosexu felatio of both sex , elabor and lengthi orgi , a greased-up fist forc up a man 's rear , wine pour down a man who 's had hi urinari tract tie off , a peni chop off and fed to hungri dog , etc , etc , etc . thi could veri well be a respect film , and if could have been had the follow not occur : a ) the event were graphic shot in clear view ; b ) the tone wa not that of tri to shock comic but to , well , show `` histor accuraci ; `` c ) the film wa a 20 million dollar product with lavish set , a rather impress cast , and a whop 2 1/2 hour run time . 
produc and fund by none other than bob guccion , owner of penthous magazin , `` caligula `` come across as the most hyster dramat pictur sinc `` plan 9 from outer space `` becaus underneath there 's a sens that everyth thi film is do is not onli accur and justifi , but also brilliantli entertain . 
after all , it 's not realli the fact that thi film featur the aforement disgust moment , but that it actual believ in them as dramat weaponri . 
no film should be discard becaus it content , becaus film is never about what it 's about , it 's about how it 's about ( as the old clich goe ) . 
those who bash thi film for content are glanc over the biggest and most obviou problem with `` caligula , `` and that 's that it 's noth but overdramatic bullshit from start to finish , without a second of credibl in it mammoth run time . 
`` caligula `` allegedli tell the true stori of the evil roman empor of the same name , a man who wa so insan decad that hi assasin came as a bless . . . or 
so i guess , even though almost everi singl roman empor wa assasin as well and for much the same reason . 
the film open on the wrong note , of cours , with a quot from mark appear befor ani imag grace the screen , use the over-us passag `` what shall it profit a man if he should gain the whole world an dlose hi own soul , `` depit the fact that the open scene of the film is of the empor befor he wa an empor , fuck around with hi own sister in a field ( i suppos if one ha to lose their soul , one ha to have a soul in the first place ) . 
the plot is so incomprehens done that all i or anyon els can make out of it is that caligula ( disastr play by the great malcom mcdowel , a perform that doe the opposit that hi perform in `` a clockwork orang `` did ) is next in line for the throne but ca n't wait for the current empor , tiberiu ( peter o ' tool - ditto , onli for hi perform in `` lawrenc of arabia `` ) , hi grandfath , to die . . . so he kill him and ascend to the throne . 
then he abus hi posit , marri a woman ( helen mirren , who retain her digniti as an actor by not exactli act ) so he doe n't just have to sleep with hi sister ( a dread teresa ann savoy , there to be pretti , nake , and will to hop in the sack with mac or anyon he ask her to hop in with ) , abus hi posit a littl more , a littl more , and a littl more , and then , i believ , invad england , then is kill off . 
the filler , instead of recount hi life , is suppos to be , as guccion claim , the ultim portrait of decad pagan rome , complet with orgi , viciou death , and lot of nuditi . 
but instead of be the histor accur film it realli realli want to be , it instead becom guccion 's twist masturbatori imag of what it could be like . 
oh , is n't it great that they just love have sex ? 
and that they kill peopl so disgustingli ? 
and would n't it be great if i could make a coupl buck by sell thi shit off as accuraci even though it 's so blatantli real bad porn that i 've complet convinc myself that it 's not . 
i mean , whi not just show a roman orgi when i can spend a good ten minut examin everi singl facet that make it up . 
and it 's not just that it 's disgust or vile or whatev adject you want to use to describ thi film - it 's that in a film where the entir feel it 's go for is n't felt , it 's also the sloppiest expens movi of all time . 
the set are lavish , but so blatantli innacur that i wonder if no historian want to have hi name on thi film explain thi . 
but that doe n't matter sinc the cinematographi is so dark that you wonder if a light meter wa use at all , make thi not onli dark and ugli , but just plain dark . 
the camera oper is also the worst i 've ever seen in my entir life . 
not onli doe thi film hold the record for the most unnecessari zoom in one singl shot ever , but often the camera will lose it subject and pan around till they find them , then have them out of focu . 
the edit is so sloppi that some scene are absolut imposs to follow . 
there is no writer to speak of ( what the hell doe it mean that it 's `` adapt from an origin screenplay by gore vidal ? `` ) , but nevertheless , the dialogu is shit , so laughabl bad that i ca n't in good faith believ that anyon with an iq over 5 could say them with a straight face ( my favorit be the line when caligula inquir the doctor about the health of the die tiberiu : `` he could go at ani moment , but with care , he could last a year or so . `` ) 
the music in thi film is mostli prokofiev and khachaturian ( they use hi gorgeou `` adagio of spartacu and phrygia , `` ad nauseum ) , use in an attempt to give the film some emot , but instead feel as if it wa ship in from elsewher . 
the orgi scene ( and one infam lesbo scene between penthous pet lori wagner and aneeka dilorenzo ) are the result of reshoot by guccion himself , which are so obvious remov from everyth els in thi film that it onli add to the embrass ( everi five second or so , the film cut to random nuditi , as if it wa afraid it audienc would forget thi film is rate `` x `` ) . 
john gielgud repres the onli voic of saniti , walk around in hi brief role as if he wa constantli the mantra , `` i 'm go to kill my agent , i 'm go to kill my agent . . . `` 
and so on and so on , for over 2 1/2 hour , make `` caligula `` about as excit and enrich as a three hour colleg lectur class and twice as deliri annoy . 
guccion , in hi pursuit of histor accuraci ha instead made a film that is such a painstak , arduou task to watch in it entireti that i doubt anyon can sit through an hour of it without irrevers psycholog damag . 
throughout the entir film , the presenc of guccion is easili felt , as if he were stand there at the edg of the screen , pretenti look down upon us say `` look what i can get away with ! 
and if you do n't like thi , then you 're a prig , and wors than that , you know noth about histori ! `` 
uh huh . 
there 's a clear differ between histor accuraci and do someth that 's artist good . 
a film which show roman decad as someth that wa perhap liber for some but could not last - that would probabl make for a good film . 
but use histor accuraci as a licenc to get away with ani kind of disgusting-for-disgustingness'-sak act is total , total bullshit , and all i can say is that guccion and the maker of thi film have lost ani kind of touch with either entertain or erotic , and have develop a pathet and sadist tast for both , judg from thi film . 
there 's a film that came out in 1989 call `` the cook , the thief , hi wife , and her lover , `` a magnifc film by legendari cult director peter greenaway ( also star helen mirren ) , which deal with graphic sex , heartstop violenc and gore , and even a littl cannib for good measur . 
that film not onli never patron it viewer , but also handl them in a way that wa shock , ye , but also , in a bizarr way , entertain and total involv . 
there were real charact there in a real situat , and best of all passion and just the right amount of restraint as not to get off on the fact that it 's go to be offens to mani . 
that film achiev everyth it want to do , and ha sinc retain a statu as one of those cult film that is not onli popular but actuali good . 
and it 's everyth `` caligula `` might have been but , ala , wa n't . 
