sometim i wonder just what the censor are think . 
take thi film , `` nake killer `` , among it 's ingredi are heavi dose of violenc , rape sequenc , straight and lesbian sex scene and what our system call `` coars languag `` . 
but what do those intellig peopl at the censorship bureau choos to remov in case someon will get offend ? 
one word - peni . 
that 's it . 
in spite of everyth els in the movi the one thing that the censor decid is too much is `` peni . `` . 
it realli restor you 're faith in the system , huh ? 
anyway , that 's just a side point . 
when nake killer wa releas in the local independ cinema around melbourn , it wa advertis ad nausuem as a hip , cool , controversi thriller . 
what they forgot to mention wa that it is n't veri good . 
the plot involv male cop tinam ( simon yam ) , investig a seri of brutal murder . 
while get a haircut he meet and find himself attract to a girl name kitti ( chingmi yau ) , who , after extract reveng on the man who kill her father , fall in with profession killer sister cindi ( svenwara madoka ) . 
realis kitti ha potenti , cindi decid to train kitti in sever unusu and ridicul way and give her a new ident . 
howev in the cours of hi investig tinam ( who believ kitti had disappear ) , run into her again , but is n't quit sure if it 's her . 
to complic matter the actual serial killler , princess and babi , who a former student of cindi , and have been told to kill their old master and her new student . 
from then the action ensu . . . 
all in all , thi is not a well done movi . 
the script is aw , the direct all over the place , the edit is jerki and confus and the subtitl is surprisingli poor . 
howev the are a few stand alon piec that do entertain . 
the shoot out in the car park is almost woo-lik in adrenalin . 
the fight scene are energet and i guess it must get a few point for tri someth a littl differ . 
let me put thi way , if you like action - get someth els , if you like strong women in movi - get someth els , if you have do decid between thi and `` black cat `` for your hong kong femal action - do n't get either . 
even for curios valu it just is n't worth it . 
let 's face it - if ever the wa a movi that becam popular on it 's subject alon , thi is it . 
