wonderland is a rather sugari romanc film that is as subtl as a ton of brick fall on you . 
you can see it plot develop from a mile away . you 
are lure into it benign stori of a singl 29-year-old girl look for a soul mate in boston , as that citi is depict as a mini-wonderland for singl . 
thi is a star orient film , and the star who carri the film is erin ( hope davi ) . 
that thi is a date film , about singl who for reason of fate or luck , or whatnot , have not had a success match and are now put most of their energi into fulfil their career , is noth new , thi type of film ha been done often and better mani time in contemporari film . 
the fiction documentari unmad bed did it more provoc and with more of a sens of urgenc than thi film . the 
main quirk in the plot here , is that hope 's pushi mother ( hollan ) visit her in boston , see her daughter 's live-in relationship with a radic protest ( hoffman ) breakup and decid to put a person ad in the newspap for her harvard medic school drop-out daughter , who work as a nurs . 
thi is done without her knowledg . 
it is cornbal sitcom stuff , but , at least , it is handl as best it could be by the actor and director . 
it is easi to like erin , she is bright , care , and attract blond . 
it is equal easi to care for the soul mate she keep miss contact with , the financi strap , ruggedli handsom , intellig 35-year-old alan ( alan ) , who no longer want to work with hi father as a plumber but is do volunt work at the aquarium and attend colleg to be a marin biologist . 
of cours , he come across as be so good ( though , he doe kill some fish in the aquarium ) , that it is hard to believ he 's for real , or just some cardboard shine knight put into the stori to give it an ideal to shoot for . 
the contriv stori revolv around their near miss in meet each other in such spot as , the subway , at a restaur , or on the phone . 
alan 's brother answer erin 's ad with a few of hi pal , as they each tri to respond to her ad in a phoni way , make a bet that the first who get to tongu kiss her , that the other wit , will win the bet . 
thi sub-plot wa as obnoxi to see take place as it is to hear told . 
that we have to see erin go through sever date to prove the point how ego sick these guy are , each one more annoy than the other , culmin in the most obnoxi one of all , that brazilian lover ( jose ) , who is about as charm as a snake-oil salesman , who is actual the one she nearli fli away with for a holiday in brazil , wa not onli incredul but downright contrari to the rich present of her charact that wa the heart of the stori . 
anyway , as expect , all 's well that end well , for thi watchabl piec of fluff , that come over on screen better than it doe when relat it story-lin . 
the dialogu wa actual not bad , those date erin or tri to flirt with her seem to be utter authent thing they would actual say in their situat . 
and , oh , by the way , wonderland refer to the stop on the boston metro , it is where greyhound race take place . 
