and i thought `` stigmata `` would be the worst religiously-ori thriller releas thi year . 
turn out i wa wrong , becaus while `` stigmata `` wa mere bore and self-import , `` end of day `` is complet inept on all front . 
it 's a silli , incomprehens , endlessli stupid mess . 
for a guy like me who grew up watch arnold schwarzenegg at hi best , it 's extrem disconcert to see where the big man ha end up . 
for the first time in recent memori , an arnold action movi ( and `` batman & robin `` doe n't count ) is no fun at all . 
`` end of day `` is a major stinker . 
the movi open in vatican citi , 1979 . 
some cathol priest have observ an ancient propheci , which say that a girl will be born on that night that satan will have target for impregn . 
if he impregn her between 11 and midnight on decemb 31 , 1999 , the world will be destroy . 
the pope order protect of thi girl , though some priest believ she ought to be kill . 
in new york , that veri night , a girl is born to fulfil the propheci . 
twenti year later , we meet jericho cane ( schwarzenegg ) , a suicid ex-cop with a drink problem . 
now work as a secur guard for hire , he is protect a local businessman ( gabriel byrn ) , who is actual possess by the devil . 
an assassin attempt on the businessman by a craze former priest lead him to the girl satan is after , christin york ( robin tunney ) . 
recogn element of hi own murder daughter in christin ( includ ownership of the same music box , appar ) , jericho swear to protect her against the devil and the faction of priest look to kill her . 
there are so mani problem with thi film it 's hard to know where to begin , but how about start with the concept ? 
cast arnold in a role like thi wa a mistak to begin with . 
schwarzenegg is a persona , not an actor , so put him in a role that contradict hi usual strong person is a bad idea . 
arnold ha neither the dramat rang nor the speak abil to pull off a charact torment by conflict emot . 
in other word , tri to give him dimens wa a mistak . 
harrison ford , mel gibson , or even bruce willi could have play thi role ( they 've all play nobl and flaw hero ) , but not schwarzenegg . 
there are sever scene that attempt to establish jericho 's charact ; one ha him contempl suicid , anoth cri over the loss of hi wife and daughter , and even one in which the devil tri to tempt him into reveal christin 's locat by offer him hi old life back . 
none of these scene realli work , becaus arni is n't up to the task . 
the filmmak would have been better off make jericho a strong , confid charact ( like the termin , for exampl ) , the like of which schwarzenegg ha excel in befor . 
thi one is n't at all believ the way arnold play him . 
the support cast tri their hardest , and onli gabriel byrn make ani impact at all . 
as the princ of dark , he 's suav and confid . 
he act like one would expect the devil to act . 
the problem is that the script ha him do thing that make no sens ( more on that later ) and that undermin him as a power villain . 
byrn out-perform arnold in everi scene they have togeth ( includ the aforement temptat bit ) , but thi is problemat when it caus the audienc to start do the unthink : root for the devil . 
byrn 's speech about the bibl be `` overr `` actual start to make sens , mainli becaus arnold 's attempt at refut it ( mostli of the `` 't is not ! `` 
varieti ) are feebl at best . 
the onli problem is , arnold ha to win , so in the end , nobodi realli care . 
kevin pollack play jericho 's secur guard sidekick and tri to liven thing up with some comic asid , but like most bad action movi sidekick , he disappear after about an hour . 
robin tunney is n't given much to do except look scare . 
in fact , all of the support player are good actor , but none , save for byrn , is given anyth interest to do . 
perform asid , it would be realli hard to enjoy thi film no matter who star in it . 
thi be an action blockbust , it 's no surpris that the worst thing about it is the script , which start off total confus , and when some of it is explain ( and not much of it is ) , it 's utterli ridicul . 
whi is the devil come on new year 's eve , 1999 ? 
becaus it 's exactli 1000 year after the year of the devil , which is n't 666 , it turn out . 
some nutti priest accident read it upsid down , so the real year is 999 , so just add a 1 to the begin , and you 've got 1999 ! 
if you do n't buy thi explan , you 're not alon . 
it 's convolut and silli at the same time . 
the method by which jericho locat christin york is equal ludicr ( she 's christin , see , and she live in new york , see . 
. 
. ) , and if that were n't bad enough , there 's plenti of bothersom stuff in thi film that is n't explain at all . 
whi can satan kill everyon he pass on the street , but when it come to snuf out one drunk ex-cop , he 's powerless ? 
is he impervi to onli one kind of bullet ? 
how come he ca n't control jericho or christin ? 
and how did those gregorian monk deal with time zone in their propheci ? 
a clumsi attempt at a joke is made about thi , but it 's never actual explain . 
usual , thi sort of thing would n't matter in a schwarzenegg flick ( i mean , do n't get me start on the time paradox offer up by the termin movi ) , but thi time the plot inconsist stand out even more than usual becaus the action is rare excit . 
there are sever predict horror film clich ? s present in `` end of day , `` complet with the old `` black cat hide in a cabinet `` bit , not that we ever find out what the cat wa do in there . 
it get so formula that it 's possibl for those uninterest in be scare to close their eye at the precis moment a `` boo `` will come . 
their predict will rare be wrong . 
the more grandios action sequenc are utterli charmless , partial becaus we do n't care about these charact ( due to the script 's pathet attempt at character and setup ) , and also becaus they , too , do n't make ani sens . 
there 's a scene where schwarzenegg get thrown around a room by a littl old ladi . 
it 's good for a few chuckl , but not much els . 
supposedli we 're to believ she now ha super strength by virtu of be control by satan , but the script never set that up , so the scene is mere silli . 
none of thi is terribl excit , becaus all the action sequenc are so badli frame that it 's often hard to tell whi it 's happen in the first place , not to mention that they 're edit in full-on incomprehens mtv quick-cut style . 
most of them had me scratch my head , rather than say , `` wow , cool ! `` 
`` end of day `` is not onli silli and confus , but it 's also distinctli unpleas to watch . 
the devil appar doe n't oper in the more subtl , i'll-convince-people-to-kill-each-oth fashion outlin in the bibl , but instead enjoy kill peopl gruesom in broad daylight . 
thi doe n't onli make him an aw predict sort , but it also mean that not a singl scene in `` end of day `` goe by without unnecessarili graphic violenc , or the odd kinki sexual encount ( yet anoth bit that had me scratch my head ) . 
if violenc is suppos to be shock , it 's not a good idea to throw so much of it into a movi that the audienc goe numb . 
scene are n't connect through ani reason mean , so a lot of the time , stuff get blown up , or peopl get kill , and i had no idea whi . 
reason ? 
to hell with reason ! 
let 's just blow stuff up ! 
is n't it cool ? 
nope , not by a long shot . 
thi film is thoroughli unwatch . 
it 's dull , intermin , and unrel in it stupid . 
perhap arnold need to make some movi with jame cameron to reviv hi career , becaus it 's not happen with hack peter hyam here . 
`` end of day `` might have had camp valu , if onli it did n't top itself off with an overli piou end that nobodi 's go to buy . 
if the movi is go to be seriou , the filmmak should have come up with a decent script . 
if it 's go to be campi , arnold should n't be take himself so damn serious ( i did n't actual see him put up on a cross , did i ? ) , and hi charact should n't be such a sad sack . 
as it stand , `` end of day `` is just a bad movi , and an aw gloomi one at that . 
