for hi director debut , gari oldman chose a highli person famili drama about a violent , alcohol husband and father , and the variou live he affect . 
but while the charact , place and event may have special mean to the writer-director , the audienc is left in the dark . 
the center of thi tale is the abus raymond ( ray winston ) , and the film focus on him and the peopl who orbit around him . 
he spend hi day hang out with hi friend at pub and girli bar . 
then , he return home to hi pregnant wife , valeri ( kathi burk ) and their five-year-old daughter . 
raymond demonstr hi violent tendenc ( and hi paranoid delus ) earli on when he accus valeri 's brother , billi ( charli creed-mil ) , of steal . 
raymond then proceed to beat ( and bite ) him to a bloodi wreck . 
but these are the least of billi 's problem . 
billi is a heroin addict on the downturn , and it doe n't seem that he 'll last much longer . 
billi and valeri 's mother , janet ( laila mors ) , is raymond 's nemesi . 
she disapprov of him ( and he of her ) , but is powerless to do anyth about it . 
she mere struggl on , hope her children will surviv their respect torment . 
if thi descript seem bleak , i have n't told the half of it . 
thi is not a cheeri movi , and most of the time it 's downright depress . 
while at time it is interest to watch to see just what make raymond tick , and whi no one ever simpli call the cop on him , in the end , it 's not quit worth it . 
there are too mani scene which randomli dot the pictur with littl or no purpos . 
take for exampl the extend sequenc where one of billi 's scuzzi friend defend a stray puppi . 
the film is fill with these `` charact moment `` that never realli achiev anyth . 
grant , there are a few genuin power ( and sicken ) moment in the film , but their express seem to be more of a catharsi for the creator than us . 
the actor do a fine job , particularli in the central role . 
the good thing about an actor turn writer is that oldman know how to write good scene , and the actor in nil by mouth have some meat they can tear into . 
the bad thing about an actor turn director is that there 's no one to restrain oldman from make poor choic . 
a good charact drama should mean someth to those involv in make the film and the audienc . 
oldman got it about half right . 
