note : some may consid portion of the follow text to be spoiler . 
be forewarn . 
it 's rather easi to start tune out after about twenti minut of finn taylor 's first featur film , dream with the fish , when the plod , tediou open sequenc final pay off with a potenti provoc setup . 
ani hope expect , howev , are soon vanquish as the film settl upon be an uninvolv mismatched-buddi movi which is rare as funni as it aspir to be nor nearli as affect as it eventu strive to be in the film 's latter half . 
the film 's central charact are terri ( david arquett ) , a depress , lone voyeur who claim to be despond sinc the death of hi wife in an automobil accid , and nick ( brad hunt ) , a carefre young street tough later reveal to be termin ill . 
nick live in the apart build across from terri , who spi on the tryst between nick and girlfriend liz ( kathryn erb ) with hi trusti set of binocular , but the two young men first formal meet at the bay bridg where a half-drunk terri precari teeter upon the edg , unconvincingli vow suicid . 
nick casual ask for terri 's wristwatch , and eventu con terri into a trade - the watch for a bottl of pill . 
of cours , terri find that the pill do not end up have the presum lethal effect , and he angrili set out to find nick in order to retriev hi watch . 
learn of nick 's condit ( he onli ha a hand of week left ) , terri 's compass kick in , and the two eventu come to a distinctli peculiar arrang - terri will agre to bankrol the die nick 's lifelong fantasi , and nick will fulfil terri 's death wish by kill him . 
thi is a promis premis , and mr . taylor 's film could have gone ani number of ambiti way from thi point , but he instead choos to capitalis upon the obviou invers of the charact ( terri is a repess , mourn charact who want to die , while nick is a free spirit with a joie de vivr who is die but want to live ) and take the easi rout out by turn dream with the fish into a typic lark where the two charact engag in a seri of gener dull exploit , and where the straight-lac charact learn to enjoy and ppreciat life when hook up with a quirki charact . 
thi is by-the-numb plot , buddi movie/road movi redux . 
howev , dream with the fish is most hamper not by it uninspir storylin , but by the charact which carri the stori - it help in such a film to have at least one of the protagonist be at least somewhat empathet , if not likeabl . 
unfortun , that is not the case here , where both of the film 's lead charact are thorougli uninterest and annoy , give the audienc veri littl to sympathis with their respect plight , and even less reason to want to follow their onscreen exploit . 
far from a romp , thi fatal flaw make dream with fish more like a chore to endur than a play jaunt , and undermin the attempt at emot reson in the latter stage of the film as the two men begin to bond . 
mr . taylor 's dialogu sporad fall flat in dream with the fish - while attempt to captur a quirki and clever tone , it too often come across instead as hopelessli contriv ( wit such line as `` you should have ask someth more interest , like 'do you enjoy the pain ? ' 
- see , that 's provoc , leav room for further question . `` ) 
the film enjoy a few inspir moment - the urn scene , a session of nude bowl , the policeman join in on terri and nick 's acid trip - but unfortunatet these instanc are few and far between , and for the most part the humour in dream with the fish regist more as attempt rather than actual success . 
thi occur particularli often dure the film 's open sequenc - as terri is wrestl the bedridden nick for hi watch in the hospit , i 'm realis that thi is * intend * to be funni , although nari a smile crept upon my lip - which is probabl due to the obviou fact that it 's pain clear to the audienc from the outset that terri is go to be thwart in hi initi suicid attempt , sap ani element of surpris or amus from nick 's scheme of trick him ; thi is not a film which ha the wherewith to kill off it lead star in the open ten minut . 
the entir sequenc is , then , clearli an exercis for charact exposit , with attempt at humour terribl diminish by utter predict . 
among the cast , come off best is david arquett , the current master in the portray of meek , squirm , stammer fresh-fac charact - he would have been terrif as the lead for georg huang 's swim with shark - who get to appli hi adept for timid as terri . 
mr . taylor ambiti employ an interest visual techniqu , where the portion of the film set in an urban environ have been process to appear extrem graini and heavili satur , as oppos to a bright , crisp look for the smalltown scene . 
the charg of dream with the fish 's protagonist be wholli unempathet is a bit of an odd one come from me ; i seem to have a predilect for film with unlik charact , and inde , in mani case have i been in the minor , support film which have been condemn as intermin due to the difficult , audience-unfriendli natur of their charact . 
for dream with the fish , though , i did find myself on the flip side of coin , often hope that the film would quickli conclud , and that the nick charact would just hurri up and die . 
