i am a steven seagal fan . 
i onli say thi now becaus `` mufti splenetik `` is n't my real name and becaus i probabl need to explain whi i went into thi film expect great thing . 
ani proud seagal fan worth hi bean will tell you that the seagal formula is someth you can depend on . 
seagal film can alway be count on for minim dialogu , heap of expend baddi with extem crunchabl bone ( which we 'll alway hear when seagal doe hi limb-twist thing ) , rare a femal co-lead in sight ( unless it 's a real-lif model-wif who ha n't work sinc weird scienc ) and , usual the worst possibl titl you can imagin . 
not to mention veri straightforward plot , gener all-round bad dialogu and mr implac leather-fac himself in that same black outfit he 's been in sinc nico do hi `` my hand are sharp , nimbl knive `` thing , seagal the stoic , sir petrifi ponytail , duke of dull . 
in the glimmer man , seagal break out of thi formula : he get a * sidekick * , attempt to banter , and put on a new vest . 
he 's also put on quit a lot of weight . 
small potato , you may say , a man should be abl to accessor and banter if he want to , but damnit , if it ai n't broke , whi fix it ? 
( more on thi disappoint person 's dash expect later ) . 
as jack cole , seagal is a homicid detect with a question past . 
while he and hi partner ( play by keenen ivori wayan ) are investig a seri of ritual kill , cole himself becom a suspect , especi when a background check run by campbel reveal practic noth on cole . 
it turn out that cole is a former train govern assassin ( you just ca n't trust these homicid detect ) , someon whom victim use to catch just a glimps of in the jungl befor he pounc on them , and henc , well , you know , that `` glimmer man `` thing . 
an increasingli fishi homicid investig in the present soon lead to the gradual uncov of a larger , more threaten conspiraci that involv a crook businessman ( bob gunton ) , cole 's former cia boss ( brian cox ) and deal involv chemic weapon . 
the glimmer man plot is pretti standard stuff , draw ( as with hi other film ) element from the hotter film of the year ( eg , se7en ) . 
it 's the other chang that disappoint . 
for exampl , although there 's a fair amount of violenc in thi movi , there 's also the disastr pair of seagal with keenen ivori wayan , probabl the best known of the wayan tribe ( how mani are there , exactli ? ) from televis 's `` in live colour . `` 
wayan play whiney straightman to seagal 's bead-adorn and brocade-drap cole , keep up hi `` are you crazi `` part of the dialogu with wast zest . 
as campbel , wayan confin himself to bemoan hi new partner 's eccentr habit , but the chemistri between the two is minim , and seagal 's wooden comeback make for pain watch . 
a cook in under seig 2 , seagal is now a buddhist who speak chines and wear prayer bead and intric silk jacket over hi normal black ensembl . 
he chant , refus to fight unless truli provok and introduc campbel to powder deer peni to cure hi allergi . 
again , a benign ( if trite ) plot devic except for the fact that these new charact trait requir seagal to speak more than usual . 
heck , he ha to deliv punchlin and carri a steadi convers with someon other than himself for a larg part of the film . 
is that a lot to ask of the seagu ? 
too much . 
seagal 's best characterist use to be that he knew hi purpos in thi alreadi complic world of movi : to crunchili snap off bad guy appendag , and to do it silent , and alon . 
not for seagal , the snappi one-lin of arnold and stallon , nor the attempt to show that he can act , much less think . 
no kindergarten cop , no oscar , just simpl , unadulter deathblow . 
that 's realli how it must have start : like-mind fan who knew what they want stream in to watch the seagu do hi thing , know that never in the seagal univers would they ever have to see him do anyth els . 
we trust him . 
we got to know him . 
now , betray . 
i do n't know if i can watch anoth seagal movi without that littl niggl doubt that he 's go to tri to be funni again . 
i 'll tri , but it wo n't be easi . 
if you have n't watch the glimmer man yet , you might want to wait for the video to come out . 
it 's easier to just fast forward the dialogu part and linger on the action sequenc . 
after all , if we ca n't depend on our fantasi , what can we depend on ? 
the fli inkpot rate system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . 
* * a littl creaki , but still better than stay at home with gotcha ! 
* * * pretti good , bring a friend . 
* * * * amaz , potent stuff . 
* * * * * perfect . 
see it twice . 
mufti spelenetik is still a steven seagal fan . 
everybodi make mistak onc in awhil . 
