under ani other circumst , i would not be discuss the end of a film to the extent that i will in thi particular review . 
howev , in order to fulli explain exactli how and whi thi movi is so aw , a minut dissect of the end is necessari . 
even though i will not reveal the detail of the last scene , do proceed at your own risk . 
the movi open ( quit poorli , i might add ) as child psychologist malcolm crow ( bruce willi , look like he wa drag out of hi trailer at the wee hour of the morn to shoot each scene ) and hi wife are intrud upon by one of malcolm 's past patient . 
distraught , the suicid man ( a cameo by new kid on the block donni wahlberg ) shoot malcolm and then turn the gun on himself . 
cut to the `` next fall `` , as we find the good doctor quietli observ hi latest case , a troubl young man name cole ( haley joel osment , one of the onli child actor in a while i did n't want to bludgeon over the head with a blunt instrument ) . 
after about 45 minut of seemingli unrel freak occurr , we learn that cole ha `` the sixth sens `` , the gift of be abl to commun with the dead . 
and thi , as they say , is where the heal begin . 
the sixth sens and it unexpect popular is found upon a twist end that i knew go into the film ( one of roger ebert 's colleg wa kind enough to give it away on a recent segment of `` siskel and ebert `` ) . 
although i wa at first enrag that an establish film critic could so callous ruin a film for thousand of patron , i soon realiz that thi turn of event could in fact have been a bless in disguis ; i 've alway been a sucker for surpris end ( my favorit movi is the usual suspect ) and rare dislik a film that sport one . 
here , sinc i knew the major plot twist that wa come at the film 's conclus , the possibl of be bamboozl into love a bad movi sole becaus of it end ( someth i 've fallen victim to in the past ) wa elimin . 
and inde , my view of the sixth sens did prove to be quit an enlighten experi . 
strip of the element of surpris , the film wa put to the task of show what it realli had , instead of simpli hide behind a shock conclus . 
after see it true color , i came to the conclus that the sixth sens is , despit what the mani champion of the movi may say , void of ani real power . 
it 's a neat concept , but not one that justifi be made into a feature-length movi . 
in fact , the sixth sens reli so strongli on it final that the rest of the film develop as a sort of prelud to the supposedli earth-shatt revel that is yet to come . 
and when the final moment do come , it 's a huge letdown ; the end make no sens at all . 
it stupefi me with the height of it ineptitud and is complet idiot on a fundament and veri rare level . 
i wo n't go into ani detail , but suffic to say that , as far as i can tell , it negat to rest of the movi to such an extent that anyon who buy it even for a second must be suffer from a veri acut case of attent deficit disord . 
now , in all fair , i can not say for sure that i would have guess the end ( howev stupid it may be ) had it not been reveal to me befor hand . 
howev , i feel veri confid that i , as well as anyon who had seen a few `` twilight zone `` episod , would have seen it come a mile away . 
the fact that movie-go nation wide are surpris by the end still ha me stump . 
iron , to fulli appreci the best scene ( that of cole and malcolm attend a littl girl 's funer ) , the viewer is requir to be awar of a veri rare psycholog disord call munchausen syndrom by proxi . 
i would n't have even known about thi mental diseas if i had n't , by pure dumb luck , caught `` datelin nbc `` the other week when they did a featur stori on it . 
despit be bless with some realli amaz cinematographi and a brauva perform from osment ( where wa thi kid when cast call were go out for the phantom menac ? ) , in the end , the sixth sens is too chalk-ful of contradict and just is n't plausibl enough to warrant even a slight recommend . 
