pre-review note : see as the onli concern of bodi shot is `` sex `` , i will be forc to refer to that particular act innumer time throughout the durat of thi review . 
becaus of thi , i will tri to vari word descript of `` sex `` ( mean if you are offend by pejor term , and \ or your name is jerri falwel , you are kindli invit to hit the x up on the left corner of your screen ) , so if there happen to be a word you come across and can not comprehend , fret not , it 's most like just anoth way of refer to `` sex `` . 
i think we 'd all agre that ani word use incessantli becom a bit monoton so i hope you appreci my attempt to liven up what could potenti be a veri bore review . 
though not as bore as the movi which make steve forb flat tax plan seem as live as watch a nake mathew mconaughi play the bongo while high on god know what . 
bodi shot is a film so frighten of coitu that scene of copul are film omin , in the way you 'd normal expect to see a violent attack . 
it 's about peopl who think about screw , seek it out , and talk about it . 
these are thing we all do , sometim . 
the charact in thi film spend everi wake moment ponder the simplic of sexual act . 
their live center around the next sexual encount , but they seem depress . 
it 's as if fuck is all they have to look forward to after a busi workweek . 
at it core bodi shot is a messag movi , the kind of thing i could pictur realli progress church group show to middl schooler in order to turn them off coition . 
michael cristoff ( who direct gia , anoth film that treat bump ugli as if it where evil ) is a moralist with noth new to say . 
hi charact do n't commun anyth of interest to each other , so cristoff give them an opportun to let out their inner thought by speak directli into the camera . 
they voic simplist platitud like `` i like to come `` or `` sex without love equal violenc `` . 
huh ? 
and ye that is as complex as thi movi 's observ get . 
the charact are stupid and shallow , with not one regist as anyth more . 
the plot concern vapid over sex twentysometh on an all night hunt for carnal pleasur , then the after math ( the morn after ) of such event . 
we meet the charact as they speak directli to us , confid in us with their idiot rumin on intimaci . 
i would normal go into the charact and the actor who play them , give you the pro and con , but for thi film i can not . 
i 'm not tri to be clever or witti , but i honestli hardli rememb anyth that would set them apart from the other . 
with the except of trent ( play by ron livingston as a bargain basement patrick bateman ) , the rest fade into each other -- a patchwork of fake breast , defin ab , pearli white teeth , and creami , flawless skin . 
i vagu recal brad row as the sensit one , onli becaus hi charact get the worst line ( `` sex without love equal violenc `` ) . 
in between all the confession , cristoff film everyth like a headach commerci , with blurri slo mo and dramat head turn . 
the fact that thi director at one point won a pulitz prize complet baffl me . 
thi film is made without one iota of intellig or insight into the gener that it tag line claim to be defin . 
if bodi shot is meant to say that all twentysometyh are idiot and f * * k-obsess , fine , i do n't have ani problem with a film that tri to persuad me to think a certain way , but cristoff onli give us one side . 
addit that one side is n't even entertain ; the charact indulg in buggeri without an ounc of sexi . 
or realism . 
one sexual encount take place outsid a club on a chain link fenc between the two most sensit charact . 
they suddenli have vigor intercours with each other for no appar reason ( other than that they both happen to be stand next to each other ? ? ? ala , if it could onli be that easi ? ? ? kid of cours ) , then , not onli is n't it erot , it is n't real . 
it doe n't feel like an authent sexual encount . 
everi f * * k scene in thi film ( and there are mani ) is treat in the same unsexi manner . 
bodi shot make fornic dirtier than the most scummi porno film . 
it show us none of the pleasur that should go along with it , and most of all , it fail to show us whi it charact love make it so much if they seem to hate the act of actual do it . 
the result search for nooki ( and you can take that cooki ? ? ? ) over one night leav us with sever tediou plot line to follow . 
the main concern is much ado over a rape that may or may not have occur . 
the film show us two separ version of the possibl rape ( one where it is consensu the other where it is not ) and in both version the young actress play the possibl victim get her shirt torn off . 
thi is a topic that could be interestingli explor if done intellig , and if memori serv me i ca n't think of one film that ha done so , and ye i saw the accus which may be one of the most overr movi of the 80 's next to wall street . 
unfortun nobodi give us reason to care , not the writer , the director or the actor nearli all of whom seem to have wander off the set of a noxiou 90210 spin off . 
paul thoma anderson approach boogi night in a manner similar to what cristoff doe here , though boogi night succeed . 
it wa similarli moralist , but it gave us two differ viewpoint ; it show us how the lifestyl of porn entic it charact , and it show us the possibl fall-out of such a decis . 
the charact in boogi night were as idiot as the charact are here , but anderson seem to care about them . 
he gave them heart . 
cristoff give them noth but rage hormon . 
he preach to us , by use hi charact to preach to us . 
thi is not the way to get ani messag across . 
whi not just direct a public servic announc on the peril of hittin ' skin ? 
cristof kind of doe that , though without an ounc of insight , and with a help of leer exploit . 
