what a contrast ! 
in the space of two day , i saw shakespear in love and hurlyburli . 
i 'm not sure you could get two more differ movi . 
while the former wa all over the top , telegraph everyth , shove it philosophi of life down our throat , hurlyburli wa the complet opposit , wound so tight and with so much buri in it script , one could spend week think about it . 
thi is one interest movi . 
it 's veri much in a similar vein to one of my favourit movi of '98 , in the compani of men , although not quit so nasti . 
there 's lot of talk and some scari insight into the world of men . 
hurlyburli doens't contain much plot : we just follow eddi ( sean penn ) around as he tri to make sens of hi life and the peopl around him . 
hi big question is : doe it all pertain to him ? 
and if it doe , how is he suppos to feel about it all ? 
`` it `` mean everyth : televis , friend , event that happen . 
i guess it could be sum up more crude as : what 's it all about ? 
thi is not a movi for answer . 
donna ( anna paquin ) give some but they 're not realli satisfi : they just lead to more question . 
that 's what make thi movi stay on your mind . 
these are the sort of question that occupi our time . 
even when we push them to the background , howev we resolv these question influenc everyth we do . 
the perform are all superb in hurlyburli . 
i have n't seen sean penn in much befor ( in fact , i ca n't rememb see him in anyth ) , but he is brilliant in thi . 
eddi is n't a likeabl charact , but sean penn make him understand . 
i do n't want to be hi friend but i 'd like to help him . 
chazz palminteri is also great as phil , make him an aw person . 
i 'd never want to know phil but still i understand whi eddi want to be hi friend . 
everyon in thi film nail their perform , make thi world real . 
it 's a nasti world ; it 's a sexist world . 
unlik shakespear in love which is unfailingli polit correct , hurlyburli is a man 's world , seen unapologet through the eye of men . 
i find thi fascin and on two count , depress . 
first , it 's depress that such a world exist . 
a larg part of hurlyburli 's success is that it convinc me that such peopl are real and that thi sort of environ exist everi day in hollywood ; that there are a larg number of men out there who believ women to be complet peripher to their world , toy , playth . 
sure , everyon is background to everyon els but in thi world , women are a long way in the background . 
second , these are the movi that are be made : stori about men 's world . 
where are the stori about women 's world ? 
not the soap opera and the `` chick flick `` that are meant to satisfi women , but the real stori that touch on the essenc of life like hurlyburli doe for men . 
hurlyburli is base on a stage play and that is evid from the moment the film start . 
it 's veri talk , intellig and static . 
while thi can make the film drag a bit , and peopl sometim sound like they 're quot textbook , mostli thi is a good thing . 
not all film have to be fill with special effect and sweep panorama . 
not all film have to underestim the intellig of their audienc . 
all it mean is that hurlyburli is probabl just as effect on video as it is on the larg screen . 
it also mean that you have to pay attent . 
