capsul : the run gag pair of charact from all of kevin smith 's film get their own movi . 
the gag are sporad funni . 
it is more than occasion funni for teen who are fond of scatolog humor and anti-gay joke . 
the plot is weak and the lead are not a particularli funni comic team . 
the littl insid joke and dig at other entertain and particularli at kevin smith film are the best featur of the film . 
sadli for me they were just not funni enough to make the film worth watch . 
thi feel like the high school skit that that the princip would not let the kid do on talent night . 
( and it turn out he had veri good reason . ) 
, low 0 ( -4 to +4 ) 
a film need a plot . 
it need charact for empathi valu . 
it need a stori and an emot center . 
if a film is just a chain of joke it can onli be so good and ani entertain valu will succeed or fail base on how funni the joke are . 
kevin smith ha now made two satisfi film , clerk and chase ami . 
with dogma he tri to make a philosoph religi comedi and mix with a madcap romp . 
peter cook and dudley moor did that veri success with their bedazzl . 
but get the combin to work is veri hard to do right and kevin smith 's fecal monster in dogma were not the way to do it . 
hi remain two film , mallrat and hi new jay and silent bob strike back are aim squar at a teenag audienc . 
jay and silent bob strike back is a compendium of gay joke , peni joke , flatul joke , film pastich , and in-jok . 
how funni the joke are will be a subject call . 
for me , the vast major of the joke were just not veri funni . 
there wa not enough clever or varieti . 
it is funni at most onc or twice to accus someon of be gay . 
peni joke work onli so mani time . 
show up as minor charact in everi kevin smith film jay and silent bob were a clever pair of human run gag . 
they were sort of the modern equival of naunton wayn and basil radford , the comic duo who show up satir the english middl class in sever good british post-war film includ dead of night , the ladi vanish , and passport to pimlico . 
jay and silent bob were origin supposedli typic gener x stoner . 
as the seri wore on they had larger and larger part . 
in jay and silent bob strike back they are the lead . 
jay and silent bob ( play by jason mew and kevin smith ) are chase away from the front of the conveni store where they were deal drug in clerk . 
thi leav them at loos end . 
they are not sure what would be worthwhil to do with their live when they hear that a comic book with charact visual model on them will be adapt into a movi . 
they decid to devot their live to wreck the movi or get some of that big movi industri cash . 
so it is off to hollywood to shake down the movi compani and have adventur along the way . 
the film is mostli about their adventur on the road and when they get to hollywood 
the problem with thi comedi team is that neither realli pull hi weight to make the film funni . 
silent bob , be silent , can onli contribut to the comedi by react with that veri express face of hi . 
thi make hi piec of the comedi even less than a straight man like a dean martin or bud abbott would have . 
jay ha to be the comic . 
he could carri the load for both if he were extrem invent . 
the problem is that he is not suffici funni . 
he is too bland to be the comic half and hi line just do not show ani comic flair . 
so jay and silent bob are a long way from be a success comic team . 
their star role and the low humor make thi a comedi for those young at mind and for peopl who can laugh at gag they have seen befor -- sometim just minut befor . 
like dogma befor it , but definit not like chase ami , thi film feel more like an amateurish skit than a real movi . 
certainli neither the plot nor the charact are at all involv . 
they are excus for gag , mani of which still fall flat . 
it is dogma without ani of the humor theolog content . 
the film doe not offer much to an adult audienc . 
i rate it 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
