a suav , cool , collect , rich , uptight bad guy = clich . 
a clumsi crimin oaf to add to the laugh = clich . 
a bad guy who own a wild anim = clich . 
a crook , chauvinist law enforc type = clich . 
at an intens moment , our main charact tri to get away , but the car ha troubl start = clich . 
complain about clich = clich . 
ok , ok . 
so we alway hear about clich . 
but if there wa ever to be a prime exampl , the real mccoy is it ! 
not one utter word , not one frame of film , not one charact in thi whole movi is n't a cut and past exampl of everyth we 've ever seen . 
they might as well use thi as a train film : `` how to make a bank robberi film in the 90 's `` . 
karen mccoy ( kim basing ) is a bank robber who just got out on parol after a six-year stay at the state prison . 
she want to make thing right and go straight , especi with the fact that she ha a six-year old son out there who doe n't even know she 's aliv . 
awar of mccoy 's bank rob expertis , snivel bad guy jack schmidt ( terenc stamp ) use the same six-year old to coerc mccoy into return to her past . 
he want mccoy to pull off an elabor heist of 18+ million dollar at the same bank she got caught tri to rob six year earlier , which , by the way , is somehow due to schmidt . 
and if she refus ? 
who know what he 'll do to the kid . 
( cue sinist laughter ) 
thi movi is so pathet piti that it 's hard to know where to begin . 
the aforement clich are brutal abund . 
i ca n't stress enough how everi singl element , whether it be a charact , the dialogu , a plot `` twist `` , etc . , is so damn gener that you 'll wonder if * anyon * is work behind the scene , let alon in front of the camera . 
basing is absolut vacant . 
and where do they get off tri to make us emot attach to her ? 
here 's someon that spent their time rob bank , and now as she head onto the street , we 're suppos to feel sorri for her . 
as she confront her son , who doe n't even know who she is , are we suppos to break into tear ? ? 
especi when neither basing nor zach english , who play the kid , ha ani depth or emotional-radi whatsoev . 
i suppos i should mention val kilmer . 
yeah , that 's right - he 's in it ! 
quit sadli too , see as how i can discuss everyth about the movi and never mention hi name . 
and he got second bill ! 
to be fair , i will admit that kilmer had potenti in hi role as the bumbl crimin wannab j . t . 
barker . 
unfortun the script doe n't allow much room for improv , and when hi charact is use like bookend ( he never show up in the middl of the film ! ) , 
we have no time to appreci what he might have brought to thi project . 
the real mccoy just ca n't keep it 's head abov water , and soon , * veri * soon , sink into a clich mess of movi . 
the actor are like dummi be move about by an unenthusiast puppet , and the dialogu , particularli schmidt 's trite dialogu , fall like the niagra . 
thi is definit one to avoid , folk . 
the real mccoy is anyth but ! 
