it 's a shame the execut of thi concept fall veri short of it premis . 
the movi is lack and most unsatisfi . 
osmosi jone is crude , gross , disgust , and wa direct by the farrelli brother - the twist sibl behind there 's someth about mari , me , myself and iren and a coupl of other movi in which the humor is mostli target below the belt . 
not that there 's anyth wrong with scatolog . 
i bet even cavemen appreci bathroom humor - such as it wa . 
it 's mere that with osmosi jone , the farrelli humor is too juvenil , too predict . 
you can almost forese the pun just by view the part of the inner anatomi a sequenc is drawn . 
osmosi jone look like one of those old health class movi gone psycho . 
the troubl is , the anim may pleas the veri young , but the joke may be over their head , while the teen-ag audienc may find it too tame for their tast . 
adult ? well , let 's just say most will find it unappet . 
osmosi jone play like a 100-minut infomerci for the eat healthi food lobbi . 
the live action sequenc revolv around frank ( bill murray ) , who seem to be the grungiest human be in the univers . 
he continu look as if he need a shave and a shower . 
frank , much to the constern of hi daughter , is a fast-food addict , eat anyth - and everyth - that can kill you . 
he work at a zoo where the anim look cleaner - and presum smell better - than he doe . 
frank 's bodi is invad by thrax , a lethal viru , after frank eat a hard-boil egg that had fallen to the ground . 
it 's not gross enough that frank pick the egg up from the dirt and plop it into hi mouth . 
nope , the farrelli pile it on by first have frank wrestl a chimp for the egg , wrest it from the primat 's mouth . 
like i said , the gross meter tip the scale on thi one . 
after ingest the egg , the movi begin it anim sequenc . 
here , osmosi jone ( voic by chri rock ) , a renegad white blood cell is team with drix ( voic by frasier 's david hyde pierc ) , a 12-hour , painkil cold capsul to battl thrax ( smoothli voic by laurenc fishburn ) . 
basic , what we have is a clich cop-buddi movi , rife with all the clich ? s of that genr . 
and thi is whi osmosi jone doe n't click . 
it mere fall back on tire , familiar convent instead of creat new and excit situat . 
the joke and pun are lame : osmosi search out a snitch , a former flu viru . 
after pump him for inform , drix tell osmosi , `` funni , he doe n't look fluish . `` 
and the joke do n't rise abov that level . 
the live action scene are no better . 
frank is such a slob , so unapp that it is difficult to fathom how he ever marri or even sire a child . 
he 's almost a bigger cartoon than the anim charact . 
osmosi jone is a movi that may be too violent for young children as thrax burn and dissolv blood cell right and left . 
the anim is rather two-dimension and flat . 
it lack scope and depth . 
it is an unapp movi that will leav you scratch your head , and mayb lean toward a shower after you walk out of the theater . 
