delicatessen ( director : marc caro/jean-pierr jeunet ; screenwrit : gill adrien/marc caro ; cinematograph : dariu khondji ; editor : herv schneid ; cast : dominiqu pinon ( louison ) , marie-laur dougnac ( juli clapet ) , jean-claud dreyfu ( clapet-th butcher ) , karin viard ( mademoisel pluss ) , ticki holgado ( marcel tapioca ) , anne-mari pisani ( madam tapioca ) , jacqu mathou ( roger ) , rufu ( robert kube ) , howard vernon ( frog man ) , edith ker ( granni ) , boban janevski ( young rascal ) , mikael todd ( young rascal ) , chick ortega ( postman ) , silvi laguna ( auror interlig ) , howard vernon ( frog man ) ; runtim : 96 ; miramax/constellation/ugc/hatchett premier ; 1991-franc ) 
review by denni schwartz 
a black comedi set in the near futur in a board hous run by a deprav butcher . 
the comedi is play more in comic strip style for entertain valu than for deeper satir , as it featur mostli zani sophomor sight gag and reli heavili on special effect . 
the world ha fallen on hard time and there are food shortag which includ no meat , so the butcher serv up meat from human flesh to custom who pay with grain , almost as valu a commod . 
that 's the big joke in the film and the novelti of that cannib idea wear thin mighti fast , as the charact are too absurd and sketch too thinli for us to care about them . 
thi tasteless postapocalypt french comedi is a first featur for the co-director marc caro/jean-pierr jeunet . 
it fail to reach my funni bone and instead left me mostli annoy at it slight stori and it dark project for the futur . 
an ex-circu clown name louison ( dominiqu pinon ) , the film 's too-good-to-be-tru hero , answer an ad for work as a handyman for clapet ( jean-claud dreyfu ) , and the butcher and landlord , offer him room and board in hi hous . 
the butcher 's clumsi and near-sight daughter juli ( marie-laur dougnac ) fall in love with the skinni , weird look clown , and the two make some music togeth , with her play the cello and him a saw . 
they are the innoc , surround by a board hous of misfit suffer from fear and watch over by her overbear father , who ha lure into hi tenement the clown , as he ha hi past innoc victim , so that he can put hi cleaver to him and then sell him as meat , which he intend to do as soon as the clown fix up the tenement . 
the entir film take place in the shabbi tenement , and the tenant are an odd lot of bizarr malcont , who do not trust each other . 
there are two youngster ( boban janevski & mikael todd ) who do ani kind of mischief they can . 
a frog man ( howard vernon ) who live with water on the floor so he can rais hi frog and snail that he eat . 
two brother ( mathou & kube ) who creat littl cow-moo novelti toy . 
a man ( holgado ) who sell a bullshit detector to the butcher for hi piec of meat . 
a slutti woman ( karin viard ) , who live with the butcher and onli want hi meat . 
the aristocrat woman ( silvi laguna ) who tri numer time to commit suicid but is too inept to do it right . 
the tenant are too afraid to come out at night becaus they know what the butcher is up to , so they are forc to commun with each other through a pipe that run through the build ( in one scene they are all in music harmoni to the lovemak of the butcher and hi gal , as their bedspr squeak ) . 
there is also a sex-craz postman ( chick ortega ) , who lust for the butcher 's daughter and carri a gun while deliv the mail . 
there is also an underdevelop subplot about a band of incompet underground veggi fanat , call trogolodist , who have been summon to rescu the clown and steal some grain . 
the director overload the film with too mani eccentr , as the comedi seem forc while the surreal look of the film ad no dramat intens . 
delicatessen could have some appeal to the cult film crowd who like their meat slice thin , monti python fan , and those who like terri gilliam 's brazil , a film similar in spirit . 
