do n't get me wrong -- i tend to appreci besson 's naiv , unashamedli romant worldview , an artsi european sensibl gone thoroughli hollywood . 
hi 1994 leon is excit and absurdli move , thank mainli to the interplay between jean reno and a young natali portman , and 1997 's the fifth element is a goofi paean to love , l-u-v , that 's even more of a hoot on repeat view . 
but hi joan of arc is a mess , despit some stir battl scene and the mostli knockout presenc of a close-crop milla jovovich as the maiden herself . 
jovovich , besson 's own person muse through the make of hi last two film ( though they 've sinc separ ) , is magnet and energet enough to play a credibl joan ( as long as you believ joan wa not just a warrior , but also a fabul , supermodel-level babe ) . 
and besson remain a servic action film director , though not an especi facil one . 
lead her armi against the seemingli impenetr fortress of the english , joan 's struggl against great odd is undeni stir , and besson help you understand how the french could believ , fervent , that god is on her side . 
besson 's big mistak , i think , is tri to dramat the interior life of hi subject . 
ye , joan had vision -- but i guarante that whatev imag a sympathet audienc conjur in it collect mind will be more compel than the blue-ey christ figur on display in besson 's hallucinatori dream sequenc . 
the whole conceit turn into a disast right about the time dustin hoffman ( bill as `` the conscienc `` ) show up , spout platitud and send poor milla run around her cell , babbl like alli mcbeal . 
that 's kind of a shame , sinc she doe quit well up to that point , charg into battl with a banshe wail that suggest the erupt of a sublim bloodthirsti . 
that darkli attract aspect of her charact -- that she 's as like a charismat madwoman as the vessel of the lord -- is more or less betray by the final reel , in which the conscienc browbeat her over the kill she 's overseen and joan start to look like littl more than a veri confus young ladi who 's about to take a fall . 
as the stori wind down , with joan condemn to a horribl death by fire , besson is aim for tragedi and psycholog signific . 
troubl is , he 's chosen a lurid , often jokey tone for the balanc of the pictur -- includ some blith cgi bloodsh in the battl scene -- and it 's imposs to shake the feel that thi particular vision of the middl age is , to a great extent , noth more than a put-on . 
thi glib , pre-fab version of such a great stori make me all the more grate for dreyer 's the passion of joan of arc ( 1928 ) , a film whose dialogu is drawn from the actual transcript of joan 's trial , and which stand as one of the most harrow experi in all of cinema . 
compar to that film , the messeng play as a crime against histori . 
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- direct by luc besson written by besson and andrew birkin cinematographi by thierri arbogast music by eric serra star milla jovovich france/usa , 1999 
theatric aspect ratio : 2 . 35 : 1 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 
