vega vacat is the fourth film star chevi chase and beverli d'angelo as the head of the hapless griswold famili . 
as with the other three film , their two children , rusti and audrey , are play by a revolv seri of actor . 
thi time ethan embri and marisol nichol fill the role . 
also back , is cousin eddi ( randi quaid ) , the slob rel who seem to bring problem wherev he goe . 
in vega vacat clark griswold ( chase ) decid to take the famili on vacat to la vega so that he and wife ellen ( d'angelo ) can renew their wed vow . 
it is at thi point when comedi is suppos to ensu . 
appar the filmmak thought that put the griswold into la vega would be so funni on it own that they would n't bother to write ani joke into the script . 
at least that 's the way it look when watch thi turkey . 
about half way through vega vacat i began to have seriou doubt as to whether there would actual be a singl laugh in the entir film , sinc there had been none up to that point . 
by the end of the movi i had actual snicker a coupl of time , and i had smile at a coupl of gag . 
i might add that none of the funni ( and i use the term loos ) moment came as a result of anyth chase , d'angelo or quaid were involv in . 
they might as well have stay home for as much as they contribut to thi film . 
the two best thing in thi movi were ethan embri and marisol nichol as the griswold kid , who manag to have a coupl of their own adventur . 
rusti becom a vega high roller , provid most of the film 's best moment . 
everi time chase and quaid were involv in a gag , it just made it more and more appar that they should have stop thi seri after the third film . 
which bring me to the best moment of the film . 
the griswold are drive down the highway and holiday road ( the theme from the origin vacat ) begin to play . 
christi brinkley and her red ferrari ( also from the first movi ) drive by . 
it wa a cute moment , but all it realli did wa remind me just how funni the first film had been , and just how far that thi seri ha fallen . 
too bad . 
