make your first featur film ai n't easi . 
assembl a decent , if not , strong cast , as writer/director robert moresco ha done with one eye king , and you 're alreadi ahead of the game . 
but rehash old plot line , tire dialogu , and standard clich ? s , and a well-intent effort such as thi one could jeopard your chanc at a second featur film . 
how mani more movi do we need about a rough neighborhood full of lifelong friend hopelessli turn to crime or wors ? 
the enorm catalog of such movi might dissuad a filmmak from make yet anoth , but here we have it . 
again . 
five irish kid in nyc 's hell 's kitchen make an overemot pact over some stolen ring on an anonym rooftop . 
with teari music . 
and slow motion . 
in the film 's first scene . 
the kid grow up to be fairli worthless adult , unabl or unwil to make their way out of the heat of the kitchen . 
lead the clueless pack is william baldwin as a good-heart guy who watch out for hi buddi and is in tight with local mob head armand assant . 
i 'd like to say that hi charact get involv over hi head in some sort of blah , blah , blah , but all we seem to get are littl tast of possibl plot point . 
he 's concern about buddi jason gedrick 's heroin abus . 
he stick up for jim breuer after he impregn baldwin 's charact 's sister . 
he look into who might be push the most moronic-look counterfeit cash ever made ( a genuin funni touch ) . 
but none of thi ever realli amount to anyth . 
it seem that moresco 's greater concern is to provid that intang `` slice of life `` , that flavor of the neighborhood that everyon 's been tri to evok sinc scorses 's earli work . 
so , we get the drunk guy , hug and sing togeth at the local bar , to prove to us that they realli love each other . 
( do peopl actual do thi ! ? ) 
we get a lot of tough street talk -- usual mumbl for effect -- and a whole lot of the f-word , whether it sound like it fit or not . 
we also get a hand of good actor in small role that seem to lack purpos . 
bruno kirbi , chazz palminteri , you know , guy you 've seen in movi just like thi one befor . 
assant is intellig cast as the man that everyon fear , and baldwin 's perform is adequ , but most of the rest of the cast jump into the tough guy persona so thoroughli that it 's almost funni . 
moresco , a theater guy and sometim tv writer ( includ the seri falcon ) , obvious labor over thi one as anyon might a first child , but the content is probabl too person . 
as a result , the movi 's style is heavy-hand , in need of a consider amount of tone down . 
nearli everi time an action by the grown up gang recal someth they did as kid , moresco remind us -- boy doe he remind us . 
with slow dissolv to the earlier scene , run in slow motion , complet with dialogu from the present , just in case we do n't comprehend the link to the past . 
moresco need to either trust hi audienc 's intellig , or have more faith in hi own present rather than beat us over the head with it . 
hi next project should have a littl more person distanc , and a lot more subtleti . 
if he actual get that chanc . 
review as part of our 2001 boston film festiv coverag ( featur stori come soon ) . 
