i guess that if a veri wild bachelor parti had gone realli bad , there would be broken furnitur , trace of smack and cocain on the floor , and a dead prostitut in the bathroom . 
i guess that if a movi had also gone realli bad , there might be the same element present . 
coincid ? 
poor kyle ( a meek look jon favreau ) . . . he is about to marri hi radiant fiance , laura ( cameron diaz ) . 
but befor he exchang hi vow , he embark to la vega with hi friend for one last blowout . 
but thi bachelor parti ha gone about as bad as it could possibl get . 
the prostitut ha met a horribl , though accident death , and drug are everywher . 
the five friend agre that there is enough bad evid here that will send them to jail for a veri long time . 
a surprisingli calm robert boyd ( christian slater ) , who look like he wa groom to make nefari decis , ponder their dilemma for a few minut befor decid that the best thing to do is to buri the bodi in the desert where she 'll never be found . 
although they stomach the gruesom deed of get rid of the bodi ( which also disturbingli involv dismantl the bodi use power saw in order to stuff it into suitcas ) , when they return from their trip , guilt and paranoia begin to set in which slowli consum some of the five friend . 
one is adam ( daniel stern ) he grow increasingli agit . 
whenev peopl look at hi van or whenev a cop glanc hi way , hi blood pressur increas . 
or that just may be becaus of hi dysfunct famili . 
anoth is michael , who wa actual respons for her death . 
he tri to buri hi feel , but the burden of guilt begin to affect hi judgment as well . 
boyd is the ? doer ' of the group . 
seemingli suffer from a long psychosi , when he feel as if hi secret is about to be expos , he is apt to take extrem measur to cover up hi track . 
kyle just hope that hi wed will live up to laura 's demand expect . 
then , there 's moor ( leland orser ) who speak 5 line and walk around with a puzzl look on hi face . 
the problem with thi reprehens movi is that it want to be a cruel comedi , but it present thing in a manner that just are n't funni . 
drug , mutil , and kill your own friend is n't someth to be laugh at . 
as a straight psycholog drama , i could see how it might have work , as each one tri to maneuv and overcom the weight of their own guilt in their own sometimes-sick way . 
but thi movi insult us by assum that we could simpli discard our valu for 2 hour . 
if you do like thi movi , i do n't think that i want to know you . 
i did find slater a convinc leader who sway hi friend to choos not the right thing but the ? smart play . ' 
and diaz add some bright to thi film as a wedding-need fiance . 
but her talent are essenti wast here . 
it 's obviou that the film maker is tri to strike a certain tone . 
but the way that he choos to do it is tasteless . 
do not make a veri bad decis by see thi film . 
