a life less ordinari ( r ) while the extrem peculiar a life less ordinari doe live up to it titl , a more appropri monik would be a movi more misguid , for thi confus , confus attempt at romant comedi is a most disarm disast from the talent trainspot team of director danni boyl , produc andrew macdonald , and screenwrit john hodg . 
at the core of thi strang film is a fairli basic -- and , ye , ordinari -- premis . 
after robert ( boyl regular ewan mcgregor ) , an aspir writer of trashi novel , is fire from hi janitori job at the navil corpor , he kidnap navil 's ( ian holm ) spoil daughter celin ( cameron diaz ) and hold her for ransom . 
the joke here is that celin is a will victim -- her father threaten to cut her off financi , so she want reveng -- and that she soon becom not onli an accomplic but the brain behind the scheme , teach the inept robert a thing or two about kidnap . . . 
and , ultim ( did n't we see thi one come ? ) , 
love . 
so far , so mediocr . 
but mediocr is better than dread , which thi film is , thank in no small part to the hodg 's contextu frame for the romanc . 
it turn out that god is displeas with the divorc and romant breakup rate on earth , so the chief of heaven 's polic , gabriel ( dan hedaya ) dispatch two angel , o'reilli ( holli hunter ) and jackson ( delroy lindo ) , to earth to hook up celin and robert -- or lose their angel statu . 
thi conceit might have work if the angel dimens play an integr role in the entir pictur . 
but it could have easili been cut without ani clear loss to the film ; as it stand , it is simpli a wast of time that distract from the romanc at hand . 
not that there is much of a romanc to begin with . 
tri as diaz and mcgregor may , celin and robert are too one-not to becom veri endear charact . 
celin is rich bitch ; robert is a dullard . 
as such , it is quit hard for the audienc to realli connect with these two -- then again , they never seem to realli connect with each other . 
when celin and robert start to overtli act on their `` feel , `` it come off more like someth script than anyth natur . 
but i am not exactli sure if boyl and compani 's point wa romanc ; honestli , i am not exactli sure what they were tri to accomplish . 
boyl juic up the visual with hi characterist razzmatazz , but it remain just that -- energi , not energi in servic of a stori or even act . 
the cast seem lost , especi hunter , whose perform is so adrift as to be baffl . 
and then there are the mani eccentr splatter onto the film : some violent confront involv the angel , who are not exactli angel -- in fact , they end up stage their own ransom scheme ; some mystic hokum in the climax ; and a cutesi claymat epilogu . 
watch much of a life less ordinari is like be trap in indi hipster hell , stockpil quirk in the name of cool . 
instead , the film just give quirki a bad name . 
my best guess as to what the filmmak want to accomplish is an atmospher of warp womant ( ye , misspel intend ) whimsi , which come through in onli one scene : an extend music number where celin and robert sing `` beyond the sea `` at a karaok bar . 
after a vers or two , the coupl are magic doll up in snazzi outfit and hairdo , and engag in a spirit danc routin on the counter . 
the scene work not onli becaus of it rel simplic but also becaus it doe not tri too hard , just reli on the innat charm of the lead , allow them to build a romant rapport . 
ala , not nearli enough is built , for thi moment come to an abrupt end . 
i applaud ani attempt to bring someth fresh and uniqu to movi hous , but sometim even clever can reach overkil . 
a life less ordinari certainli deliv someth `` differ , `` but by the time the film wa over , i wa clamor for a life more ordinari . 
`` i can accept failur . 
everyon fail at someth . 
but i ca n't accept not tri . 
it doe n't matter if you win as long as you give everyth in your heart . `` 
-- michael jordan 
