these day , peopl have rather short attent span and hardli anyth can satisfi them for the long run . 
1970 nostalgia is alreadi wear off , and now , peopl are becom more and more interest in 1980 . 
few year in the futur , earli 1990 are go to be regard as next golden age of nostalgia . 
howev , i doubt that peopl are go to be veri nostalg about the hollywood product of that period . 
one of the reason would sure be film like nation lampoon 's load weapon 1 , that , in mani way , symbolis the biggest problem of contemporari american film industri - lack of origin and idea . 
be made as some kind of parodi on lethal weapon seri , thi film pair two l . a . policemen - jack colt ( emilio estevez ) , burn-out alcohol cop on the edg , and we luger ( samuel l . jackson ) , by-the-book policeman , day away from retir . 
two of them , follow the murder of luger 's ex- partner , must confront evil gener mortar ( william shatner ) , crime lord who is go to flood the market with cocain stash in wilder girl cooki . 
the author of thi film ( whose director , gene quintano , work on such project like third and fourth sequel of polic academi ) lack ani origin idea befor they undertook the project , and that reflect in the lack plot , charact , and , even origin line . 
the plot , or what goe for the plot in thi movi , is noth more than a seri of gag that make laugh of some popular film made in previou few year ( apart from lethal weapon seri , thi film `` borrow `` it femal lead from basic instinct ) . 
the best gag , are , same as with mani other similar movi , shown in the trailer . 
the rest simpli doe n't work . 
onli those who use to watch a lot of hollywood product in that period would laugh . 
other would probabl winc at the lame of humour . 
some would be entertain by celebr cameo that pop up everi onc in a while . 
but , at the end , spend hour and half in front of thi disorganis mess of a movi is simpli not worth the effort . 
the film wa sometim criticis for be the parodi of a seri that alreadi had strong comic overton . 
the author of lethal weapon return the favour by use the load weapon 1 joke in their fourth sequel . 
