i am continu amaz at movi like thi . 
that some produc would wast an abund of talent and money on a script as abysm as thi one is mind-boggel , but it seem to happen a lot nowaday . 
`` wild wild west `` is a beauti film , well act , and well direct piec of garbag ; and it insipid screenplay is complet at fault . 
in short , thi movi is a comedi without laugh . 
so mani joke fall flat that it borderlin surreal . 
the high product valu keep it from be a total fiasco , but it 's still pretti bore . 
will smith star as jim west , an old western , r & b variat of the jame bond charact . 
west is team up with artemu gordon ( kevin kline ) , and they 're pretti much polar oppisit : west prefer to solv hi problem with an array of bullet , gordon tradit favor a more pacifist approach . 
talk about deepli develop charact . 
at ani rate , thi lead to the inevit conflict between methodolog , none of which are funni . 
the year is 1869 . 
sever top scientist have been abduct , and the suspect culprit is a disgruntl former confeder gener , bloodbath mcgrath ( ted levin ) . 
presid grant send west and gordon to investig . 
there 's evid that mcgrath is attend some sort of confeder reunion in louisiana . 
west and gordon show up and learn that mcgrath is actual work for dr . arliss loveless ( kenneth branagh ) , anoth disgruntl former confeder . 
as it turn out , loveless plan to use the combin knowledg of the scientest to creat the ultim super weapon , which he will use to conquer the unit state . 
i 'd go further with the plot , but there is n't ani point . 
thi film 's narr is littl more than a jumbl , unfunni mess . 
i onli laugh at a coupl of joke , and then onli lightli . 
there is n't one truli upror funni moment in thi film , and that 's pretti disaster when you consid that it 's primarili a comedi . 
as i said , the fault is total that of the script . 
when you consid their respect role , will smith and kevil kline do as good as they could have possibl done . 
the lead could 've been play samuel l . jackson and robert de niro and the film still would 've been aw . 
no one , and i mean no one , can make a line like `` bye bye , mr . knife guy ! `` 
sound good . 
still , thi film ha a lot go for it visual . 
the set design is fantast , mayb even oscar worthi . 
the cinematogrophi by michael ballhau ( who wa also behind camera in martin scorses 's brilliant `` goodfella `` ) , is absolut stun . 
he lend the film a much need excit , comic bookish look . 
i wo n't fault barri sonnenfeld either . 
he doe a fine job of direct the proceed , but , like the rest of the peopl involv with the film , there realli is n't anyth that he can do to correct it one major flaw . 
despit be beauti made , `` wild wild west `` becom quit bore after the half-way point . 
the appeal of the visual end long befor the film doe . 
if `` wild wild west `` did n't look so good , it would be almost insuffer . 
as it is , it 's somewhat toler , but not veri entertain . 
it hurt to give such a well made movi a score thi low , but there is n't anyth much wors than an unfunni comedi . 
