i 'm give thi stinker . 
normal , the worst that i would ever rate a movi would be . 
but the total wast of time that is blaze saddl is , compound by the fact that thi movi is incred offens , help me come to the big goos egg . 
i 'm not sure what the hell mel brook wa think when he made thi thing , or if he wa even think at all . 
mayb in mel 's littl mind a hors be knock unconsci becaus of a punch to the face is funni . 
in mine , it 's not . 
or mayb mel graduat from the spike lee school of filmmak . 
becaus onli the self-right lee use the n-word more often in hi film than brook did in thi one . 
at least lee ha the smart to realiz that nobodi is go to find that term amus . 
brook bandi it about like he figur the audienc will be roll in the aisl everi time they hear it . 
wrong mel ! 
i would call you a boob mel , but that insult breast everywher . 
thi idiot attempt at a comedi center on the evil lieuten governor 's ( harvey korman ) attempt to clear out a town so he can buy up the land cheap and sell it to the railroad . 
he send hi goon to run the townsfolk out . 
but the town appeal to the governor ( mel brook in one of mani uninspir , and unfunni role ) to send them a new sheriff to protect them . 
the governor pawn the task off to korman 's charact hedley lamarr . 
( i can tell you are roll off your chair right now just think of all the humor in that name . ) 
lamarr decid to send the town a black sheriff ( gasp ) in the hope that the town will be so disgust at the prospect of a black man live among them that they will all just leav . 
hold on , i 've got to stop while these gale of laughter pass . 
it 's just too funni . 
racism pass as humor -- gosh whi did n't anybodi ever think of that one befor ? 
oh wait , i think somebodi might have -- they are call the kkk . 
i 'm not call brook a racist -- but i am call him an insensit bastard who would n't know what wa funni if it hit him over the head . 
but i digress . 
anyway , the black sheriff ride into town amid a flurri of townsfolk use the n-word . 
golli , will the hilar just never end ? 
he end up join forc with a drunk ( gene wilder ) , who happen to be the former fastest gun in the west . 
togeth , they save the day from evil . 
not one person in thi movi give a decent perform . 
wilder look like he is recov from a head injuri for most of the movi , and korman look embarrass to be a part of the movi . 
ok , he realli did n't -- but he should have . 
the film star cleavon littl goe along with the black joke as if they were discuss the time of day . 
i did not laugh onc dure thi whole sorri experi . 
i admit to start to snicker on a coupl of occas . 
actual , the end start to look as if it wa go to have some promis , but ala , it end up be as crappi as the rest of the movi . 
i can say with full confid that blaze saddl ha no redeem qualiti whatsoev . 
mel brook would be do the world a favor if he burn everi last copi of thi film . 
