okay , okay . 
mayb i wa n't in the mood to watch a mindless action movi ; i am the same person that like lethal weapon iii , even while admit that it wa n't as good as the other . 
howew , the latest segal pictur did n't look that bad , and sinc none of my friend would go see a woodi allen movi even if i paid them , i went to see it expect a mild die hard rehash . 
boy , wa i wrong ! 
in the first half of the movi , we are alreadi assault with segal 's act , ( he is not simpli wooden ; he is like a wall ) , gratuit violenc , an incred plot , sexist and even more gratuit nuditi , and bad line that obvious were meant as joke . 
by the end , it is obviou that hundr of navi men are no match for thirti arm special forc soldier . 
not onc in the movi did segal appear worri or undecid , which did not do much for increas the unexist suspens . 
of cours , in movi like these , there must be a sidekick , and a love interest . 
in these one we are given a two for one packag in the form of a playboy model ( in the movi ) , which onli function as a suppos comic relief ( by the way of extrem stupid unfunni line ) , and to have water eye and look away everi time someth bad happen in the movi . 
oh , of cours , she appear nake from the waist up , and , of cours , segal kiss her at the end after no develop of their relationship ; they did not even seem to be interest in each other . 
i have never seen so littl chemistri between two peopl in a movi . 
often , the villain save the movi ; unfortun , the villain here are cartoonish , stupid and unfunni , unmenac . 
how mani movi have psycho ex-speci forc bad guy ? 
too mani . 
i wa abl to predict the action all throughout the movi , includ the moment where the sidekick save the hero from certain death , the scene where the bad guy can kill the hero but proce to explain hi plan to him , the scene where we are shown the hero 's superior are stupid , the scene where the bad guy lose hi gun and ha to fight the hero hand to hand , etc . . . 
simpli said , thi is movie-mak by the number , bore , and potenti offens in go for the lowest common denomin of the audienc . 
my recommend : if you go see it , bring a watch . 
you 'll be look at it for most of the movi . 
my . 
rent die hard . 
read a book . 
stare at the sky . 
do not wast your time on thi worthless piec of celluloid . 
the real sad thing is that there are a lot of movi out that i would rather have seen ; onc again , drag in by my friend , which by the way , like the movi halfheartedli . 
they probabl like wrestl too : - ) . 
