synopsi : a novelist struggl with hi latest work buy a weird brain with a protrud eyebal encas in a jar . 
the brain exert it evil influenc upon the novelist and hi secretari , while hi wife disapprov . 
meanwhil , a loan shark in need of a shave tri to leav hi profess . 
comment : whi is thi movi call possess by the night ? 
it 's hard to specul . 
most of thi film take place dure the day , and the onli thing possess anyon is an icki , pulsat , bubbl brain thingi in a jar . 
in case you have n't pick up on thi yet , possess by the night is a bottom-of-the-barrel `` thriller `` ( i use the term `` thriller `` loos here ) which is realli cheap and bad . 
the plot , which sound like a cheesi pulp scienc fiction stori from the 1950 , actual serv one purpos : to exploit nude women as often as possibl . 
write a movi review for a film like thi prove oddli challeng . 
there 's realli not much to say . 
the act is lousi ; although , occasion , the attempt at act are so absurd that they garner a chuckl or two from the audienc . 
most humor is frank sivero , who play murray , the novelist 's agent . 
he is so horribl in thi role that one ca n't help but be amus . 
the plot suck . 
nearli half the film is devot to a loser loan shark who want out of the profess , even though he ha onli limit relev to the movi as a whole . 
the dialogu stink . 
a loan shark , for instanc , tell anoth how much he love bimbo , which is someth the audienc realli doe n't need to know . 
everyth about possess by the night is second rate , even the film credit . 
as the name of the not-so-tal film crew scroll by at the end , joseph scale came up , credit as be `` assists to foley artist . `` 
someon could have use an editor ! 
to be honest , the film is basic an excus to flash frontal nuditi and show some sex scene . 
playboy playmat shannon tweed , after all , is the star here . 
i suppos that if one want thi sort of thing , he would like thi movi . 
whi did i give thi turkey two star and not one ? 
as a bad movi , it is unintent funni enough to keep someon passingli interest in the film . 
if you feel possess to see possess by the night , howev , i 'd recommend you exorcis thi impuls and watch someth els . 
