there 're so mani thing to critic about i do n't know where to start . 
recommend : turn off your brain - do n't be like me , decreas the rate everyday becaus i think about it too much . 
a comet is about to strike earth , caus a catastroph similar to the extinct level event ( e . l . e . ) that wipe out the dinosaur . 
what follow is the stori of a presid 's bid to think for the good of hi peopl , a rise report , the love stori of two teenag ( one of whom discov the comet ) , and a team of astronaut on the ship ` messiah ' to save the world . 
firstli , there is noth outstandingli inferior about the make of the film ( nor is there anyth outstandingli good about it ) , but the plot hole make the film corni and stupid . 
to be honest , i wa more move by the trailer than the film itself ( which is n't say much ) . 
mimi leder 's follow-up to ` the peacemak ' is equal incompet , with all the big star wast . 
( perhap i 'm just annoy that the releas of ` the peacemak ' in the us overshadow a far superior thriller , ` the assign ' . ) 
it is veri obviou that the titl not onli repres the big boom that will result from the collis , but also connot the heavi impact on human live . 
howev , the film simpli fail on that note . 
the effect are worn-out , the substandard screenplay limit the act , and the director continu her sad run in term of good-film-mak credenti . 
she 's still make good money though . 
t ? a leoni 's unfortun charact , the news report , is the foundat of the stori and of the cast . 
but the film suffer from too mani charact that do not need to be explor . 
robert duval 's age astronaut is lifeless , and morgan freeman 's presid is restrict to , well , a righteou presid ( which mean he 's not interest at all ) . 
leoni 's charact is the onli appeal one , and is play with reason convict ( but a rather peculiar show when report for msnbc ) , but wa definit undervalu by the director and screenwrit . 
warn : spoiler includ ( but a lot of it is irrelev and predict anyway ) . 
plot hole , plot hole , plot hole . 
now , e . l . e . 
is threaten to extermin more than 99 % of the human race , and they send eight puni littl nuclear bomb up there ? 
where 's the logic ? 
leder could have at least made it plausibl with 20 . 
and then it turn out that onli a few percent of the world popul actual perish , and those less selfish one ( the one that stay at home ) were the victim . 
the film wa almost mock them , tell them they had die for noth . 
i also fail to see how two teenag , carri a babi , would be the first to climb up the mountain/hil , even with a motorbik for a head-start . 
it 's unlik that the dust will take just two year to settl , but that doe n't realli matter . 
build cave wa a strategi mention in ` dr . 
strangelov ' , which propos that peopl live underground for one hundr or so year . 
now that is a more practic use for cave . 
what is the point of live in cave ? 
there is no , unlik ` dr . 
strangelov ' , ani radioact outsid to restrict exposur . 
how do plant grow ? 
if human have the technolog to keep plant aliv in cave , there 's no reason whi they ca n't do it in the open . 
the presid disclos that other countri have been prepar their own cave . 
obvious thi mean that the other countri were inform a long time ago , and you ca n't be seriou to say that nobodi leak the news to the media . 
in an import mission like that of the ` messiah ' , for that matter ani mission , it is imposs that is n't suffici fuel for an extra coupl of hundr metr , needless to say ten of kilometr . 
thi is not deep impact ? it 's a frivol cheap impact . 
but even with all that , some overact , and a 3 . 4 rate , it 's still watchabl , just do n't think about it . 
okay ? 
