there may not be a critic aliv who harbor as much affect for shlock monster movi as i do . 
i delight in the sneaky-smart entertain of ron underwood 's big-underground-worm yarn tremor ; i even giggl at last year 's critically-savag big-underwater-snak yarn anaconda . 
someth about these film caus me to lower my inhibit and return to the saturday afternoon of my youth , spent in the compani of ghidrah , the creatur from the black lagoon and the blob . 
deep rise , a big-undersea-serp yarn , doe n't quit pass the test . 
sure enough , all the modern monster movi ingredi are in place : a conspicu multi-ethnic/multi-n collect of bait . . . excus 
me , charact ; an isol locat , here a derelict cruis ship in the south china sea ; some comic relief ; a few cgi-enhanc gross-out ; and at least one big explos . 
there are too-cheesy-to-be-accident element , like a sleazi ship magnat ( anthoni heald ) who also appear to have a doctor in marin biolog , or a slinki intern jewel thief ( famk janssen ) whose white cotton tank top hide a heart of gold . 
as it happen , deep rise is noteworthi primarili for the mechan manner in which it spit out all those ingredi . 
a terrorist crew , led by squinty-ey mercenari hanov ( we studi ) and pilot by squinty-ey boat captain finnegan ( treat william ) , show up to loot the cruis ship ; the sea monster show up to eat the mercenari crew ; a few survivor make it to the close credit . 
and up go the light . 
it 's hard to work up much enthusiasm for thi sort of joyless film-mak , especi when a monster moview should make you laugh everi time it make you scream . 
here , the laugh are provid almost entir by kevin j . o'connor , gener amus as the crew 's fraidy-cat mechan . 
writer/director stephen sommer seem most concern with creat a tone of action-horror menac -- someth over-popul with gore-drench skeleton , someth where the gunfir and special effect are taken a bit too serious . 
deep rise is miss that one unmistak cue that we 're expect to have a ridicul good time , not hide our eye . 
case it point , compar deep rise to it recent cousin anaconda . 
in deep rise , one of the creatur 's victim is regurgit back into view , partial digest and still aliv . 
he shriek in horror at hi freakish appear and pain , in a moment a bit too disturb to be laughabl . 
in anaconda , we also see a regurgit victim , partial digest and still aliv . 
he look at anoth charact . . . and 
wink . 
make no mistak , deep rise ha anaconda beat all to heck when it come to technic profici and pace . 
it 's also gloomi , uninspir and not nearli enough fun . 
i do n't ask much of my monster movi , but i do ask that they act like monster movi . 
you do n't have to show me a fantast impress , massiv beast with tentacl a-flail . 
just show me the massiv beast burp , and i 'll figur you get the point . 
