there 's onli one presidenti elect everi four year , but it seem like everi few month we get anoth presidenti conspiraci movi paint as _the_ thriller of the year . 
in 1997 , we 've had absolut power , air forc one , shadow conspiraci and murder at 1600 . 
thi one is about as lame duck as old gerald ford , tri to bring us a complex plot of cover-up and intrigu but cop out over and over again with rehash of action flick standbi . 
here 's what happen thi time . 
it 's night at the white hous . 
a secretari is have sex with some unidentifi guy with a cute butt . 
the next day she 's dead and hotshot detect wesley snipe is call in . 
how do we know he 's a hotshot ? 
we 've seen the tradit action flick open -- the clever hostag negoti scene . 
it 's not so clever thi time , consist of snipe disarm a suicid ex-govern employe hold a gun to hi head in the middl of the street . 
snipe is off to the white hous , where he find the secret servic head ( the shini bald head of daniel benzali ) wo n't cooper with him at all . 
in fact , if not for the intervent of nation secur advis alan alda , snipe would n't have been allow in the white hous at all . 
alda help snipe out further , assign a sexi secret servic agent ( dian lane ) to act as hi liaison . . . 
a veri danger liaison . 
well , not realli , i just want to say that . 
almost immedi , a suspect is found , an eccentr night janitor seen flirt with the deceas on one of the secur video . 
snipe doe n't buy it , and launch into an independ investig of hi own , one that reveal plant evid and romant involv by the presid 's son . 
snipe ' partner , an always- wisecrack denni miller , call him up everi onc in awhil with more news and lane , who at first doe n't believ snipe , eventu and predict come around , and risk her ass to break into social secur storag and break out some classifi inform . 
for the first hour or so , murder at 1600 look like it could be go somewher interest . 
sure , we have to sit through the lame open sequenc and plenti more lame scene after that , but the whole murder in the white hous thing make for an interest premis that is never quit deliv upon . 
snipe and lane do n't make for a bad action team , but with noth to work with , they 're just cog in the bad movi machin . 
denni miller might as well not even be in the movi ; they wast hi talent more in murder at 1600 than they did in bordello of blood , and that 's say a lot . 
when you get to the last half-hour , the movi ha descend metaphor and liter into a wet sewer , bust out the old break-into-the-build underground climax . 
and when they final reveal who kill the woman and whi , you 'll wish you never sat through thi movi at all . 
the `` 1600 `` in the movi 's titl doe n't repres an address , it repres the number of satisfi custom worldwid . 
serv the world for nearli 1/25th of a centuri ! 
