everybodi in thi film 's think of alicia . 
no , thi is not a documentari on those of us after we first saw the `` cryin ' `` video . 
thi is one of those erot thriller , but not like one star shannon whirri or shannon tweed . 
first off , there 's zero sex , almost no nuditi , and it 's not as well-plot as one of those tweed flick . 
well , anyway . 
the `` plot . `` 
alicia play , well , the babysitt , who is take care of some kid one night while the parent ( j . t . 
walsh and lee garlington ) go out to a parti . 
the film , tri to be like one of those introspect erot thriller , show everi charact ' thought , except alicia 's . 
the thing is alicia 's in most of them in most case , and the thought are n't too kosher . 
first off , there 's her boyfriend ( jeremi london , who gave one of the all-tim lousi perform in `` mallrat , `` and is onli a notch better here ) , who 's a dorki kid who hang out with a kind of bulli , play by nicki katt from `` suburbia `` ( who show he 's got that quiet creepi down pat onc again ) . 
they decid they want to crash her babysit job , look for the typic babysit hanky-panki . 
somethin like that . 
the film intercut between the subplot ( alicia babysit , nicki and jeremi , the parti ) and each charact ' thought . 
we get to see jeremi and nicki 's dream of do a littl threeway with alicia , j . t . 
think of come home to find alicia nake in the bathtub ( she ha it all cover up , the littl teas ) , and , worst of all , lee garlington dream of that hunk , georg segal . 
it even show them in bed togeth . 
yea . 
i so want to see georg and lee garlington in bed , though i guess i 'm use to georg after see her and mari tyler moor fool around in `` flirt with disast . `` 
the end is some kind of big tragedi thing , but come on . 
like we care about ani of the charact . 
the onli interest one is alicia , mainli becaus she 's alicia , and we mostli see her in the fantasi . 
so i guess she 's some kind of mysteri or someth . 
but she is never explor further . 
so , basic , thi film is just a seri of mastabatori imag , sometim featur a non-nud alicia ( onc again , sadli ) , sometim featur a scantily-clad georg segal ( onc again , sadli ) . 
i watch thi on one of those free preview of showtim or cinemax one night , and let me tell you , it is the onli way to watch thi film . 
i mean , there 's a reason they put these kind of film on late at night : they 're just as good as sleep pill . 
and thi one is one big fat wast of time , even for an alicia film . 
