star war : ? episod i -- the phantom menac ( 1999 ) 
director : georg luca cast : liam neeson , ewan mcgregor , natali portman , jake lloyd , ian mcdiarmid , samuel l . jackson , oliv ford davi , terenc stamp , pernilla august , frank oz , ahm best , kenni baker , anthoni daniel screenplay : georg luca produc : rick mccallum runtim : 131 min . 
us distribut : 20th centuri fox rate pg : mild violenc , themat element 
copyright 1999 nathaniel r . atcheson 
a fellow critic onc state hi belief that a review should not speak of himself in hi own review . 
i 've attempt to obey thi rule in recent month , but to do so would be imposs in thi case . 
the fact is , nearli everi person who goe to see the phantom menac bring baggag in with them . 
the origin star war trilog mean so much to so mani peopl . 
for me , they calibr my creativ as a child ; they are master , origin work of art that mix move stori with what were astonish special effect at the time ( and they still hold up pretti darn well ) . 
i am too young to have seen star war in the theater dure it origin releas , but that doe n't make me ani less dedic to it . 
on the contrari , the star war trilog -- and the empir strike back in particular -- are three item on a veri short list of whi i love movi . 
when i heard that georg luca would be make the first trilog in the nine-film seri , i got exit . 
when i first saw screenshot from the film , well over a year ago , i embark on a year-long drool of anticip . 
and when the first preview were releas last thanksgiv , i wa readi to see the film . 
but then there wa the hype , the insan market campaign , and lucasfilm 's secret snobberi over the pictur . 
in the last week befor the pictur open , while multitud of fan wait outsid of theater and stood in the boil sun day in advanc just to be the first one in the theater , i wa tire of hear about it . 
i wa tire of see cardboard cut-out of the charact whenev i went to kfc or taco bell . 
i just want to see the movi . 
reader , do not misunderstand . 
i did not have an anti-hyp reaction . 
the hype wa unavoid . 
i understand and accept the hype -- it 's just what happen when the prequel to the most wide belov film of all time get releas . 
five minut into the phantom menac , i knew there wa a problem . 
`` who are these jedi knight ? `` 
i ask . 
`` whi are they churn out stale dialogu with machine-gun rapid ? `` 
`` whi are n't these charact be develop befor their adventur ? `` 
`` whi is there a special effect shot in nearli everi frame of the entir film ? `` 
these were just some of my question earli on . 
later , i ask , `` where 's the magic of the first three film ? `` 
and `` whi am i look at my watch everi fifteen minut ? ' 
by the end of the film , i wa tire , madden , and depress . 
georg luca ha funnel hi own wonder movi into a pointless , mindless , summer blockbust . 
the phantom menac is no star war film . 
take away the titl and the jedi talk and the forc , and you 're left with what is easili one of the most vacuou special effect movi of all time . 
it 's an embarrass . 
i look desper for a scene in which a charact is explor , or a new theme is examin , or a special effect shot is n't use . 
there are a few of each , but they 're all token attempt . 
the fact is , georg luca ha creat what is simultan an abysm bad excus for a movi and a pretti good showcas for digit effect . 
thi is not what i want to see . 
i did n't want to leav the phantom menac with a headach and a bitter tast in my mouth , but i did . 
the stori center mostli around qui-gon jinn ( liam neeson , look lost and confus ) and hi apprentic , obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor , who scarc ha a line in the film ) and their attempt to liber the peopl of the planet naboo . 
naboo is the victim of a bureaucrat war with the trade feder ; their contact on naboo is queen amidala ( natali portman ) , the teenag ruler who truli care for her peopl . 
after pick up jar jar bink ( a complet cgi charact , voic by ahm best ) , they head to tatooin , where they meet young anakin skywalk ( jake lloyd ) and hi mother ( pernilla august ) . 
qui-gon know that the forc is strong with young anakin , and so the jedi knight take the boy with them on their journey . 
the bad guy are darth maul and darth sidiou , neither of whom have enough line to regist as charact . 
there is n't anyth particularli wrong with thi stori when look at it in synopsi form . 
the way luca ha handl it , howev , it unsatisfactori . 
first of all , we do n't learn one singl thing about qui-gon jinn . 
not one thing . 
what wa hi life like befor thi film ? 
well , i imagin he did n't have one . 
that 's whi he feel like a plot devic . 
thi probabl explain whi neeson look so hopeless in the role , and whi he 's recent retir from film ( i do n't blame him , honestli ) . 
obi-wan , a charact i wa realli look forward to learn more about , is even less interest . 
mcgregor ha just a few line , so anyon hope to see the engag young actor in a great perform is urg to look elsewher . 
sinc these two men are the focu of the phantom menac , luca ha serv us a big emot void as the centerpiec of hi movi . 
thing start to pick up when our charact reach tatooin ; young anakin is perhap the onli truli fleshed-out charact in the film , and lloyd doe a thought job with the role . 
i wa also huge impress with the sand speeder scene ; rare is an action sequenc so fast and so excit . 
and when anakin say goodby to hi mother , i found it move . 
also fairli good is portman , and she manag to give a littl depth to a charact where no depth ha been written . 
jar jar bink is one of the most annoy charact i 've ever had to endur , but he 's more interest than most of the human . 
as soon as the relatively-brief segment on tatooin is over , it 's back to the mind-numb special effect and depthless action scene . 
i 've seen mani movi that qualifi as `` special effect extravaganza , `` but the phantom menac is the first one i 've seen that had me sick of the special effect fifteen minut into the movi . 
the reason is obviou : georg luca ha no restraint . 
i ca n't say that i did n't find the effect origin , becaus i did -- the final battl between darth maul , obi-wan , and qui-gon is visual except , as is most of the film . 
but i also found the effect deaden and tiresom . 
my break point wa near the end of the pictur , as anakin is get question by yoda and the other jedi master ; in the background , we see hundr of digit spaceship fli around through a digit sky , and i want that to go away . 
ca n't we have one stink scene that is n't burst at the seem with a special effect shot ? 
i got so sick of look at the cgi charact and spaceship and planet and background that i realli just want to go outsid and look at a physic landscap for a few hour . 
and then there 's the question of magic . 
what wa lost in the sixteen year between the phantom menac and return of the jedi ? 
i have a feel that luca wa so focus on how hi movi look that he forgot entir the way it should feel . 
john william ' familiar score is no help , nor is luca ' direct . 
i think it come right down to charact : there are none here . 
i long for the magnet presenc of han , luke , and leia , but i got no such thing . 
and what about the ridicul expect ? 
mine were n't that high ; i simpli want a film that show me the root of the film that i grew up love , a stori that had a few charact and a few great special effect . 
instead , i got two hour and fifteen minut of a lifeless and imagin comput graphic show . 
i do n't hate the phantom menac as much as i resent it : i 'd like to forget that it exist , and yet i ca n't . 
it 's here to stay . 
i can onli hope that episod ii and iii have someth of substanc in them , becaus if they do n't , then luca will have pull off the imposs task of destroy hi own indestruct seri . 
