it 's a sad state of affair when the back box blurb is more excit than the movi contain within it . 
such is the case for the 1990 paul mayersberg film _the last samurai_ . 
though the blurb allud to `` a jungl fill with polit intrigu , uneasi allianc , and murder enemi at everi turn , `` the stori of the movi is actual quit simpl ( and prosaic ) : a middle-ag japanes businessman name endo ( play by john fujioka ) and hi assist , both of whom have samurai aspir , travel to africa in search of hi ancestor , who went to bring buddhism to africa . 
he hire the servic of down-at-the-heel vietnam veteran pilot johnni congo ( the redoubt lanc henriksen ) and hi girlfriend ( arabella holzbog ) , and travel to the camp of an arms-merchant-cum-safari-host- cum-islamic-missionari ( john saxon ) and hi wife ( lisa eilbach ) . 
they are all kidnap by an african revolutionari guerilla with witch-doctor aspir to conceal a pre-arrang arm deal , which subsequ fall through . 
congo escap , find endo 's ancestor 's sword , and come back , gun blaze , to free the rest of them , and endo kill the revolutionari with the sword . 
the end . 
_the last samurai_ is one of those movi that is neither bad enough nor good enough to be enjoy . 
it is mere _there_ . 
the murki plot is fill with subtext that are never elabor , subplot that are never explain , and mani scene that make veri littl sens at all . 
the film is shot through with all the tire old `` inscrut japanes samurai `` and zen stereotyp that are to be expect from an american movi . 
it is quit slow-pac , with onli a bit of action near the end , and the final duel between endo and the terrorist is quit anticlimact . 
most of the act is fair , with the possibl except of congo 's girlfriend . 
lanc henriksen is hi usual scene-chew self , and is one of few possibl reason anyon might conceiv have for see thi movi . 
the onli other bright spot is the sweep african sceneri . 
i paid $ 3 for thi film , from the discount rack at best buy , and halfway suspect i overpaid for it . 
if you are in the mood for samurai , read a clavel novel or watch a kurusawa movi . 
skip _the last samurai_ unless you are a die-hard henriksen fan . 
