_soldier_ is hand down one of the worst movi a person could ever have to sit through that doe n't have jean claud van damm in it . 
i could liken it to the sci-fi chees that wa the hollywood product-of-choic back in the earli 80 , but that would be too much of a compliment . 
if there is a movi theater in hell , thi film is play there 24 hour a day . 
the stori , such that there is , revolv around todd ( kurt russel ) , an automaton of a man who ha been rais from birth to be a merciless soldier in a not-too-dist ultra-conserv futur ( is there ani other kind ? ) 
after year of desensit at a militari academi full of other boy just like him , todd becom a ground fighter in a seri of war all over the galaxi . 
who the enemi in these war are is never reveal , but the few glimps of todd in battl show that it doe n't matter , becaus innoc hostag are wipe out as indiffer as the bad guy . 
after ten minut of thi nihilist trash -- ye folk , there 's more -- we see todd as a buff , scar adult , now so accustom to the carnag that no confront at all caus him to break a sweat . 
there 's a new wrinkl , though . 
todd and hi brethren are declar obsolet , and a new batch of soldier take their place . 
after lose a sanction battl with _dragon_ 's jason scott lee , the seemingli dead todd is dump by a fli ice-cub tray ( well , that 's what is look like ) on a remot garbag planet . 
if you predict that todd meet a bunch of outcast settler on thi planet , and that they band togeth to fight a bunch of bad guy come to destroy them , you 're way ahead of the game . 
the renegad societi on thi trash heap is so clich you half-expect tina turner and master blaster to come stroll into frame ani minut . 
it 's surpris that _soldier_ is the brain-child of _blade runner_ co-writ david webb peopl . 
unlik that mind-twist classic , thi film contain just bare enough dialogu to fill about three double-spac page . 
add into the mix the _mortal kombat_ 's paul anderson inept direct , and it 's easi to see how _soldier_ turn out so bad . 
and the special effect ! 
rememb the fli steam iron in hardwar war ? 
gari busey is in thi movi . 
'nuff said . 
_soldier_ is proof that hollywood still ha plenti of bad idea sit in it script vault . 
that thi sad film made it to the silver screen should encourag plenti of aspir screenwrit out there that there is hope after all . 
now if you 'll excus me , i have to go weep for the futur . 
