take a look at the follow equat . . . . 
a christma carol+ghostbusters=scroog 
ye , scroog is the odd mixtur of sentiment , comedi and horror you would get if you mix those two element togheth . 
scroog is altern sick , gross , funni , and then sickli soppi . 
bill murray play frank cross , a t . v execut with a horribl person . 
he 's evil to secretari , actor , crew , everyon , except the t . v 's station 's boss , of cours ( play by the late robert mitchum ) howev , he is then visit by a veri dead exec , who warn cross that he will be visit by three ghost , past , present and futur ( who is call the ghost of yet to come , for some reason ) sure enough , they arriv , show cross how much of a s . o . b he is , and he chang hi way . 
howev , throughout thi simpl plot , we 've got to suffer outlandish special effect , poor comedi , and an veri , veri mean perform from bill murray . 
frank cross is n't 'funni ' mean , he 's just mean . 
he also is n't veri good at emot scene , and total destroy the last ten minut of the film , with an utterli desper speech say how great christma is , and how he ha chang . 
howev , the support cast are ok , with good perform from mitchum , allen ( who play hi girlfriend ) and john glover ( who play cross 's 'partner ' ) the ghost of christma past is n't that bad either . 
sadli , though , the audienc ha to suffer 25 minut of 'home alon ' style violenc from the ghost of christma present , play by carol kane . 
whoever thought smack that kane smack murray in the head with a toaster wa funni , should be fire straight away . 
and the audienc also ha to suffer bobcat goldthwait ( the guy with the annoy voic in polic academi 3 , if i remeb correctli . . . . ) 
who , thank , dose n't say much . 
the script is horrend . 
michael o'donaghu churn out terribl , bad tast joke ( which i guess is the whole point realli ) then chang direct complet to emot scene . 
and he must of been on some drug when he wrote the final ten minut , which are aw . 
the special effect look nice , but do noth for the film . 
there 's some impress make up effect also . 
the music is also good , which is score by danni elfman . 
but great effect and make up do n't make a great film . 
scroog is an appal attempt to inject some christma spirit into the audienc , see as the first 1 hour 20 minut of the film are so depress anyway , and the last ten minut had to make up for it with an godaw speech . 
whi did n't cross just look out hi exec window , and ask a young boy to buy a goos for him ? 
overal , then , you 'd have a much better christma if you avoid thi film like someth that should be avoid ( perhap a plagu ) 
