at first glanc , i thought that the sword and the sorceror had promis . 
it plotlin goe like thi : the evil king cromwel , desir to take over the world , resurrect an evil , ancient sorceror , xusia for power . 
he attack the kingdom of eh-dan and kill young princ talon 's parent . 
given a triple-blad sword ( which can shoot bad guy , like a gun ) by hi die father , talon vow for reveng . 
eleven year later , when he 's establish hi own armi , the mercaneri , he vow to take back hi kingdom . 
along the way , he meet up with alana , whose villag is attack by drunken guard and her brother is kidnap by cromwel . 
talon vow to help , and , after a seri of minor escapad , eventu end up rescu alana 's brother ( and sever other prison ) , onli to be captur himself ( in other word , put on a cross to be crucifi ! ) . 
fortun he free himself , rescu alana from marri cromwel , defeat xusia , and then cromwel , all with hi tripl blade sword ( dure the final battl , the blade break , but talon finish cromwel off by use a hidden dagger in the blade ) . 
then , everyth end happili . 
unfortun , the sword and the sorcer is not even half as good as it sound . 
what would have been a great film is complet destroy by uneven plot jump , bad act , and gruesom gori , bloodi scene . 
never onc doe the stori seem to connect togeth , it just jump around repeatedli . 
thi problem is extrem notic in the open scene where cromwel resurrect xusia . 
after tell him that he need hi help , he lead the warlock out into daylight , but then stab him and send him careen off a cliff afterward . 
wait a minut , did n't the plotlin say that he need the help of xusia in order to invad eh-dan , which he can not do by militari forc ? 
if that is the case , whi doe he dispos of xusia after resurrect him ? 
and whi doe he manag to take over eh-dan anyway ? 
these question are just never - no , never - answer in the film . 
anoth exampl is that one moment we see talon fight for hi life , anoth moment we see him just about to be crucifi dure alana 's wed to cromwel ( ! ) , and final at the end , instead of settl down with alana , he just tell her to `` wait `` , and then he just ride off ! 
in addit to the extrem bloodi scene , thi uneven plot jump complet destroy what would have been a great fantasi adventur . 
even some attempt to make it excit , a few fire scene , battl scene , do n't work . 
it just complet fail altogeth miser . 
the onli good thing about thi film is it music score , contribut by david whittak , who had an ( extrem ) short music compos career . 
the score is boomi and adventur , power , and a billion time better than thi film is . 
my suggest : steer the hell away from thi bloodi mess and buy the soundtrack album instead ( if you can find it ) . 
iron , though , befor the film 's credit roll , there is a messag indic that a sequel , tale of the ancient empir , would follow . 
to my relief ( and delight ) , it never got into product , becaus the sword and the sorcer laid an egg at the box offic , gross onli $ 39 million . 
critic were right on in slam the sword and the sorcer , all right . 
leonard maltin right call it `` second rate in script , and act `` and at-a-gl film review call it `` a confus , stupid , unimagin , unengag , bloodfil bore `` . 
i total agre with these review , all right , and i hope that thi piec of # $ % ! 
will be forgotten about . 
there are far better fantasi movi than the sword and the sorcer . 
i hope you get a good laugh out of thi review , but i am not laugh . 
in fact , my insult do n't even come close to the gruesom sick that thi film gave me throughout it 100 minut run time . 
