capsul : combin one quart of raider of the lost ark , a dash of a jacki chan movi ( san jacki ) , two teaspoon of gun- and swordplay , and a dollop of cgi . 
simmer for 100 minut . 
yield : zilch . 
the phantom is a depress and tire retread of so mani earlier , better movi that after the fifteen-minut mark i start catalogu them out loud . 
it 's hard to make a good action-adventur movi that doe n't simpli recycl it predecessor , and i 've seen movi that even at least did the recycl grace . 
the phantom , allegedli base on the long-run comic of the same name , doe n't even bother to be grace . 
it 's a stupid and incompet movi in too mani way to list , but i 'll tri . 
the film open up with a `` prelud `` sequenc that look like it wa slash to ribbon in the edit and then given a heavi voice-ov to compens for whatev got thrown out . 
we go from there to a jungl sequenc that , i swear to god , recycl the truck-chas scene from raider of the lost ark note-for-not , possibl even shot-for-shot , right down to the moment where indi wrench open the door and slung one of the driver out into the brush -- and then goe on to rip off the rope-bridg scene from `` sorcer `` as well ! 
sorcer , as you may well rememb , wa a remak of a french movi , the wage of fear , in which a bunch of lowlif were paid pile of money to drive a truck load with nitro through horribl jungl terrain . 
both version of that movi were far more interest than thi flick , but i 've got my job to do , so back to the salt mine we go . 
anyway , the cinemat theft doe n't stop there . 
or at least the lack of inspir . 
there is n't a singl thing here we have n't seen , and it 's not given to us in a way that remot evok our interest . 
we have ( where 's my list ? ) 
a bad girl , a tough good girl , a secret cave hideaway ( which seem inspir more by dr . 
no than anyth els ) , a boardroom meet that drip with greed and venal , magic artifact of terribl power , and cary-hiroyuki tagawa wast in anoth stupid role where he get to wear a fu manchu mustach and sneer a lot and gener humili himself . 
what els is there ? 
the plot is a wast of time . 
the set altern between big but hokey -- and tini and still hokey . 
there are line in the script that are just beg to be mst3ked -- and i 'm sure onc mike and the 'bot get the cash , they 'll stick it on their sked . 
the onli thing in the movi worth note is billi zane -- he 's a good actor , and he tri veri hard , even when the script is send him down one dead alley of a scene after anoth . 
all i can say is that i pray thi is n't the begin of the end for him -- although it sure look like the final nail in the coffin for the comic-book super-hero movi . 
