ever feel you 're spend your whole life on the net ( ouch ! ) , eat , breath and excret web site ? 
that your most meaning relationship are be form on the net ? 
that you get your best sex on the net ? 
if first-tim director hal salwen could shoot an entir movi of charact type at their comput , he would . 
as it is , he settl for charact talk on the phone . 
denis call up is a movi for and about the electron gener , where charact are too caught up with their work and insecur prefer to live out their relationship and fantasi on the phone . 
it 's a satir - and a sometim funni one - about how we let handphon , call-wait and answer machin run our live . 
the problem : denis call up is a movi about an idea . 
a darn good one , but still an 80 minute-long idea . 
and despit salwen 's attempt at plot and sub-plot , despit some genuin funni moment , you can predict the movi 's outcom within the first fifteen minut . 
you get the drift after a seri of shot of charact explain over the phone whi they all could n't make it for a parti - nobodi is go to be meet anybodi in thi film , they would rather be talk on the phone . 
here 's salwen 's plot : while all the charact are in a dysfunct , telefix limbo , loud quirki stranger denis call up martin to announc that she is pregnant with hi child , courtesi of the sperm he donat to the local bank . 
as martin progress from slam the phone on her to long phone convers over the babi 's name , hi friend - and hi friend ' friend - get involv , courtesi of call-wait and double-lin . 
in the tigher and more tantal sub-plot , barbara and jerri are set up on a blind date that neither turn up for . 
both profess to have too complic schedul to ever meet , but they get it go over the phone . 
with repeat phone sex come a glitch ; what if the other person is simpli fake it ? 
denis call up score with some inspir moment . 
mousi barbara metamorphos into a vamp over her cordless , everyon share the excit of denis 's deliveri through a confer call to her handphon , and barbara 's best friend gale is kill in a car accid while tale animatedli into anoth friend 's answer machin . 
( as gale 's overly-chatti aunt recount , her cordless wa knick into her ear and lodg in her brain . ) 
but these moment are not enough to sustain the movi . 
the pace sag , the dialogu drag and not much act appear to be requir of the telephone-tout . 
and the end is liter a non-ev as expect , everyon is too chicken to turn up for the parti frank throw in gale 's memori despit promis over the phone that they will . 
we get the point . 
the movi appear to be intent on flog it terribly-'90 statement until they have it come out of your ear . 
pun intend . 
there 's even a on the movi 's web site where you can win cellular phone ( as if we have n't had enough of these thing alreadi ) . 
watch the movi onli if you find it philosophi compel enough for a ear . 
the fli inkpot 's rate system : * wait for the video . 
* * a littl creaki , but still better than stay at home with gotcha ! 
* * * pretti good , bring a friend . 
* * * * amaz , potent stuff . 
* * * * * perfect . 
see it twice . 
