absolut power , the new film produc and direct by clint eastwood , attempt to be a thriller set in the world of hypocrit presid and their murder polit staff . 
it is about as thrill as a lectur on the mate habit of the south american grasshopp . 
one can onli wonder how an utterli absurd script like the one written by william goldman could have ever interest eastwood . 
not onli is the plot unbeliev and contriv , but even the write itself lack ani consist or intellig . 
continu underestim the audienc , the film give us inform we alreadi know or dont even need . 
detail essenti to the stori are so improb conveni they are annoy ( like whi would two unprepar secret servic men carri two night-vis goggl in their car ? ) . 
oddli enough , the initi setup for absolut power offer interest possibl . 
a master jewel-thief ( play by clint eastwood ) wit the murder of the wife of a power millionair ( play by e . g . 
marshal ) . 
while rob one of marshal mansion , he is forc to hide in the bedroom vault . 
there , through a two-way mirror , he see the wife and anoth man engag in passion foreplay . 
their game of love quickli turn into a violent struggl as the man start beat the woman . 
in self defens , the woman grab a letter-open and stab the man in the elbow . 
she rais her arm to stab again when she is fatal shot by two secret servic men . 
the man ? 
he is the presid of the unit state of america . 
where doe the film go wrong ? 
it can not be the act . 
clint eastwood , ed harri and gene hackman as the presid give type-cast , but decent perform . 
the cinematographi is suffici ; wild and errat dure action sequenc , dark and mysteri dure psycholog suspens scene , and calm and warm dure dramat dialogu . 
even the music is not as bombast as it usual tend to be in the thriller/suspens genr . 
the fault clearli lie in the screenplay , and the screenplay alon . 
while set up a stori about misus of power , about the true possessor of that power , and about intrigu and double-cross , it doe not resolv it . 
not one buildup of suspens is resolv by an excit climax . 
rather , the tens situat are left dangl at the end , give the viewer an uneasi sens of incomplet . 
an exampl of thi is a veri promis and tens buildup of a scene : in an attempt to arrest clint eastwood , the polic have set up a trap at a small restaur . 
polic offic are everywher , incognito of cours . 
at the same time , not one but two hit men are prepar to kill clint eastwood when he arriv . 
all three parti are unawar of each other presenc . 
thi scene is tremend excit and the audienc is wonder how clint eastwood , who might suspect thi is a trap , will get himself out of thi difficult posit . 
he will probabl have a brilliant plan , involv ingeni prepar . 
howev , when he arriv at the trap , both hit men miss ( how conveni ) and in the confus eastwood simpli walk away . 
the buildup of thi scene took about ten minut . 
ten minut of close up of the hit men load their weapon intercut with the polic prepar for the trap . 
the scene wa resolv in less than 20 second . . . 
parallel to the stori line of catch the real killer is a clich emot tale about the estrang relationship between father eastwood and hi daughter . 
the daughter blame her father for never be there for her , becaus he wa either in jail or rob a hous somewher . 
of cours their relationship take a turn for the better dure the adventur and they end up a happi famili . 
again , it is commend that absolut power tri to deviat from the mainstream suspens film by give room for a dramat subplot . 
howev , tri is simpli not enough ! 
the second stori line should be subtl , origin and prefer unpredict . . . 
everyth thi film is not . 
how could a screenplay like absolut power ever get the fund to be produc ? 
how could eastwood , who ha success produc and direct mani outstand film such as the brilliant unforgiven , ever believ in a project like thi one ? 
i am sad to say that my respect for the actor/director/produc ha diminish substanti due to thi film . 
director quentin tarantino onc said : `` i can make a good movi out of ani bad script . `` 
director clint eastwood obvious can not . 
