nostalgia for the 70 continu , as we see a reviv of one of the decad 's greatest achiev : the marijuana comedi . 
howev half bake doe n't quit run with all it brain cell , and will make you appreci the question talent of cheech and chong all the more . 
the plot follow the misadventur of four ne'er-do-wel stoner . 
there 's the group 's unoffici leader , thurgood ( david chappel ) , scarfac ( guillermo diaz ) , brian ( jim breuer ) , and kenni ( harland william ) . 
kenni get into troubl , when , while on a munchi run , feed hi snack food to a diabet polic hors . 
when the anim keel over , he find himself accus of kill a polic offic , and face a $ 1 , 000 , 000 bail . 
hi friend promis to rais money for a 10 % bail bond , but have no idea how . 
that is , until thurgood stumbl upon a stash of pharmaceut marijuana be test at the compani where he work as a janitor . 
soon the three guy are deal dope to rais fund , while avoid the cop and rival dealer sampson simpson ( clarenc william iii ) . 
for a comedi , the film is pretti humorless . 
not that it doe n't tri . . . it 's 
just that the comic setup are obviou and the payoff nearli all fall flat . 
the four lead are nearli all play the same charact . 
onli william stand out ( while still perform on the level of hi humor-fre comedi rocket man ) , but that is becaus he 's imprison throughout most of the film , give a much need chang of pace ( but mostli swap one set of obviou gag for anoth ) . 
to help out , the film is pack full of cameo . 
steven wright , tommi chong , janean garofalo , willi nelson , snoop doggi dogg , and jon stewart all make appear at one point or anoth . 
none of them work , beyond the simpl `` hey , that 's _____ `` level . 
in fact the funniest work in the film come from chappel . 
not as hi bland pothead lead , but in hi second role , as a pot-obsess rapper , sir smokealot . 
grant , it 's pretti much a one-jok role , and there are n't a ton of laugh . . . but thi film need everi one it can scrape up . 
to top it off , and in a move contrast with the tone of the rest of the film , thurgood is given a love interest , mari jane ( rachel true ) . 
her role is that of the public servic announc : to inform us whi do drug ( includ pot ) is wrong . 
her charact seem fabric mere as a defens to the `` your film promot the use of drug `` camp . 
the film would have been better off by stick with the `` rebel `` tone it so eagerli tri to claim . 
yet , in the end , it doe n't realli matter . 
watch the film clean and sober , you are bound to recogn how truli aw it is . 
