long ago , film were construct of strong dialogu , origin charact , memor plot point , and solid act . 
one of the best exampl that hollywood now complet ignor these qualiti is found in the new film where the heart is . 
thi opu about the power of love and the redempt of famili follow the tragic , and i mean tragic , life of novale nation ( natali portman ) . 
hit the road with her hick , guitar-play boyfriend in a rusted-out gm , novale dream of the blue sky of bakersfield and sip chocol milk beneath a plastic umbrella with her unborn babi , due in a month . 
stop off at a nearbi wal-mart for a quick rest , novale 's boyfriend decid to take off and leav her there . 
novale then decid to secretli hole up in the wal-mart ( becaus she 's not the brightest bulb in the stagelight ) . 
a wacki librarian ( keith david ) come to her rescu when she goe into labor one night while she is camp in the outdoor section of the store . 
then the she move in with a famili , befriend everyon in town -- includ ashley judd 's charact ( who ha five kid and still can work part-tim as a nurs ) -- fight off religi freak , surviv a tornado , break the heart of the wacki librarian that save her , receiv an inherit , build a martha stewart-esqu hous , becom an award-win photograph , and manag to alway look like she step out of a cosmo shoot , all while not onc do anyth with her kid . 
thi film is terribl . 
the direct is aw : it seem director matt william had an index card with six angl written on it and use everi one of them , over and over and over again . 
we get pathet and ugli act by natali portman , who can do good work . 
a disjoint pace of key scene and a time structur so confus that it would throw steve prefontain off . 
a subplot that actual valid the action of the boyfriend who abandon novale in the wal-mart park lot . 
an embarrass display of emot by the charact , make the audienc ill . 
take two great comed screenwrit , babaloo mandel and lowel ganz , and forc them to write drama on par with oprah 's book club . 
altogeth , it ha the feel of be trap at home , watch a veri bad televis mini-seri and wish it to end , onli the remot is broken . 
howev , the main problem with the film is that it never answer the most poignant question brought up : where is the heart ? 
no one ever seem to find it in thi piec of junk . 
