while i am not fond of ani writer 's use of cheap , easi pun , i am not complet abov use them myself when the situat merit it ( wit my review of _pecker_ from a coupl of issu ago ) . 
so here goe : the juvenil , college-set black comedi _dead_man_on_campus_ is dead on arriv . 
strait-lac med student josh ( tom everett scott , who manag to remain somewhat likabl throughout ) 's blemish-fre academ record break out into fs , thank to the influenc of hi ever-parti roommat , cooper ( mark-paul gosselaar ) , who introduc josh to the sex- and booze-fil night that come with univers life . 
with the threat of lose an academ scholarship ( josh ) and a life clean toilet for hi dad loom ( cooper ) , what are two good-heart slacker to do ? 
easi -- look for a loophol , which they find in the form of an unbeliev rule in the school charter that state that if a student 's ( or student ' ) roommat commit suicid , the surviv student ( s ) shall receiv straight as . 
so instead of studi , josh and cooper attempt to seek out the most depress student out there , move him into their dorm room , and drive him to suicid befor the semest end . 
director alan cohn and screenwrit michael traeger and mike white ( work from a stori by anthoni abram and adam larson broder ) take their sweet time to build the head of steam that come with josh and cooper 's diabol plot . 
until then , the usual bore clich of colleg life ( booz , sex , more booz ) fill the time , which is made to feel longer by _saved_by_the_bell_ alumnu gosselaar 's sitcom-br mug . 
that said , onc cohn and compani do build some comic momentum , they mishandl it . 
the introduct of the manic , psychot cliff ( lochlyn munro ) , a potenti roommat for josh and cooper , bring some dement life to the uninspir proceed befor be hastili written out in favor of two less interest candid : paranoid nerd buckley ( randi pearlstein ) and british death rocker matt ( corey page ) . 
one wish that cliff would reappear , but , as they say , be care what you wish for . 
not surprisingli , he doe resurfac , and it then becom clear that thi is a charact that is best taken in a small dose ; almost immedi , hi extend boorish and sociopath antic lose it novelti . 
the same can be said about all of _dead_man_on_campus_ . 
whatev morbid appeal the far-fetch premis ha quickli evapor , and the self-absorb charact , especi cooper , pretti much grate from the get-go . 
_dead_man_ doe n't grow tiresom ; it alreadi _is_ onc the clever open titl are through . 
as it slog along to a cheesi , happy-for-all-parti conclus , _dead_man_ live up to it titl and then some -- not onli doe the movi grow even more tire and die , it still insist on go on . . . 
like a zombi . 
