pleas do n't mind thi windbag let off a bit of steam . . . i 
just want to warn all of y'all not to wast your hard-earn $ $ $ on anaconda . 
it 's not even worth a 99-cent video rental . 
do n't listen to ebert on thi one ( he ha no clue what he 's talk about ! ) 
btw i accompani my friend to thi one becaus she wa * requir * to watch it on assign ( she review movi for a local paper ) . 
now i 'll actual back up my huf and puf . 
here goe : 
movi : anaconda rydain 's bottom line : wait for it to come on usa up all night . 
even then , i doubt it 's worth the price of jolt ( to help you stay up that late ! ) 
whi do i hate anaconda ? 
let me count the way . . . 
first of all , thi movi get way too mani snake fact wrong . 
as an ophiophil ( snake lover ) , i can tell you that a ) anaconda would never reach a length of 40 feet , b ) they 're scare of peopl , c ) case of snake eat adult human are extrem rare becaus human shoulder are too wide to fit in a snake 's mouth , and constrictor snake do n't kill what they ca n't eat , d ) peopl can outrun snake with no troubl , especi heavi one like anaconda , e ) if an anaconda did eat a human , it would need at least 6 month of sit on it butt to digest the huge meal , therefor it could n't run around gobbl up everybodi els in the cast , and f ) snake have no vocal cord , so they ca n't make funni squeal nois . 
whew . 
i wa prepar to suspend realiti if the movi would have been worth it . 
unfortun , anaconda wa about as suspens and excit as watch paint peel . 
my friend and i even success predict who would live at the end . 
anybodi can tell the bad guy is go to die eventu . 
that wa a piti becaus hi charact wa one of the few reason my friend and i did n't give up and fall asleep . 
he wa the most likabl charact in the movi . 
who would n't enjoy somebodi who look like a derang walt whitman ? 
anaconda did have it cute moment : argument between ice cube 's charact and the british guy , for instanc . 
howev , those small flash of wit were not worth the other hour and twenty-eight minut of bore schlock . 
the writer had - and blew - a multitud of opportun to insert funni line . 
i wa quit disappoint with a scene where a young guy tell a young ladi that the jungl make him horni . 
did she retort with a clever , ego-with comeback ? 
of cours not ! 
`` i 'm tri to work ! `` 
gee , that 's even dumber than the crap comeback i come up with . 
she could have told him to go find a knothol or someth . . . 
; p but i will admit , there wa just one scene where i wa surpris at the outcom ( hint : it involv the evil guy and miss crap comeback ) . 
as for the plot , i 'm still tri to find one . 
thi movi wa basic an excus to get a boatload of peopl into danger territori where they could get snarf by ridicul , computer-gener anaconda with the eye and fang of viper and the faster-than-grav downward acceler of a harrier jet . 
( harrier snake ? ) 
not to mention instant digest so they could go snarf countless other victim . 
the writer tri to throw in some sort of plot twist ( should i call it a plot knot becaus it made no sens ? ) in which the sick guy 's g-friend kiss the evil dude and suddenli everybodi hate said evil dude and start tri to kill him . 
that wa about as clear and understand as mission : imposs . 
( if someon could explain that movi to me , i 'd be most grate ! 
all the old-guy doubl agent look the same ! ! ) 
i wa n't inspir by the act , save for the evil dude . 
i ca n't blame the actor , though . 
it 's not their fault they had a cruddi script to work with . 
thi conclud rydain 's diatrib on a shameless exploit ( and perpetu ! ) of public fear of snake . 
comment , flame , anyon ? 
-rydain the atom chees , fresh from chernobyl dairi ! 
