film adapt from comic book have had plenti of success , whether they 're about superhero ( batman , superman , spawn ) , or gear toward kid ( casper ) or the arthous crowd ( ghost world ) , but there 's never realli been a comic book like from hell befor . 
for starter , it wa creat by alan moor ( and eddi campbel ) , who brought the medium to a whole new level in the mid '80 with a 12-part seri call the watchmen . 
to say moor and campbel thoroughli research the subject of jack the ripper would be like say michael jackson is start to look a littl odd . 
the book ( or `` graphic novel , `` if you will ) is over 500 page long and includ nearli 30 more that consist of noth but footnot . 
in other word , do n't dismiss thi film becaus of it sourc . 
if you can get past the whole comic book thing , you might find anoth stumbl block in from hell 's director , albert and allen hugh . 
get the hugh brother to direct thi seem almost as ludicr as cast carrot top in , well , anyth , but riddl me thi : who better to direct a film that 's set in the ghetto and featur realli violent street crime than the mad genius behind menac ii societi ? 
the ghetto in question is , of cours , whitechapel in 1888 london 's east end . 
it 's a filthi , sooti place where the whore ( call `` unfortun `` ) are start to get a littl nervou about thi mysteri psychopath who ha been carv through their profess with surgic precis . 
when the first stiff turn up , copper peter godley ( robbi coltran , the world is not enough ) call in inspector frederick abberlin ( johnni depp , blow ) to crack the case . 
abberlin , a widow , ha prophet dream he unsuccess tri to quell with copiou amount of absinth and opium . 
upon arriv in whitechapel , he befriend an unfortun name mari kelli ( heather graham , say it is n't so ) and proce to investig the horribl gruesom crime that even the polic surgeon ca n't stomach . 
i do n't think anyon need to be brief on jack the ripper , so i wo n't go into the particular here , other than to say moor and campbel have a uniqu and interest theori about both the ident of the killer and the reason he choos to slay . 
in the comic , they do n't bother cloak the ident of the ripper , but screenwrit terri hay ( vertic limit ) and rafael yglesia ( le mi ? rabl ) do a good job of keep him hidden from viewer until the veri end . 
it 's funni to watch the local blindli point the finger of blame at jew and indian becaus , after all , an englishman could never be capabl of commit such ghastli act . 
and from hell 's end had me whistl the stonecutt song from the simpson for day ( `` who hold back the electr car/who made steve guttenberg a star ? `` ) . 
do n't worri - it 'll all make sens when you see it . 
now onto from hell 's appear : it 's certainli dark and bleak enough , and it 's surpris to see how much more it look like a tim burton film than planet of the ape did ( at time , it seem like sleepi hollow 2 ) . 
the print i saw wa n't complet finish ( both color and music had not been final , so no comment about marilyn manson ) , but cinematograph peter deme ( do n't say a word ) abli captur the dreari of victorian-era london and help make the flashi kill scene remind me of the crazi flashback in twin peak , even though the violenc in the film pale in comparison to that in the black-and-whit comic . 
oscar winner martin child ' ( shakespear in love ) product design turn the origin pragu surround into one creepi place . 
even the act in from hell is solid , with the dreami depp turn in a typic strong perform and deftli handl a british accent . 
ian holm ( joe gould 's secret ) and richardson ( 102 dalmatian ) log in great support role , but the big surpris here is graham . 
i cring the first time she open her mouth , imagin her attempt at an irish accent , but it actual wa n't half bad . 
the film , howev , is all good . 
2 : 00 - r for strong violence/gor , sexual , languag and drug content 
