everi now and then a movi come along from a suspect studio , with everi indic that it will be a stinker , and to everybodi 's surpris ( perhap even the studio ) the film becom a critic darl . 
mtv film ' _elect , a high school comedi star matthew broderick and rees witherspoon , is a current exampl . 
did anybodi know thi film exist a week befor it open ? 
the plot is decept simpl . 
georg washington carver high school is have student elect . 
traci flick ( rees witherspoon ) is an over-achiev with her hand rais at nearli everi question , way , way , high . 
mr . `` m `` ( matthew broderick ) , sick of the megalomaniac student , encourag paul , a popular-but-slow jock to run . 
and paul 's nihilist sister jump in the race as well , for person reason . 
the dark side of such sleeper success is that , becaus expect were so low go in , the fact that thi wa qualiti stuff made the review even more enthusiast than they have ani right to be . 
you ca n't help go in with the baggag of glow review , which is in contrast to the neg baggag that the review were like to have . 
_elect , a good film , doe not live up to it hype . 
what make _election_ so disappoint is that it contain signific plot detail lift directli from _rushmore_ , releas a few month earlier . 
the similar are stagger : 
traci flick ( _election_ ) is the presid of an extraordinari number of club , and is involv with the school play . 
max fischer ( _rushmore_ ) is the presid of an extraordinari number of club , and is involv with the school play . 
the most signific tension of _election_ is the potenti relationship between a teacher and hi student . 
the most signific tension of _rushmore_ is the potenti relationship between a teacher and hi student . 
traci flick is from a singl parent home , which ha contribut to her drive . 
max fischer is from a singl parent home , which ha contribut to hi drive . 
the male bumbl adult in _election_ ( matthew broderick ) pursu an extramarit affair , get caught , and hi whole life is ruin . 
he even get a bee sting . 
the male bumbl adult in _rushmore_ ( bill murray ) pursu an extramarit affair , get caught , and hi whole life is ruin . 
he get sever bee sting . 
and so on . 
what happen ? 
how is it that an individu screenplay ( _rushmore_ ) and a novel ( _election_ ) contain so mani signific plot point , and yet both film were probabl not even awar of each other , made from two differ studio , from a genr ( the high school geek reveng movi ) that had n't been fulli form yet ? 
even so , the strength of _election_ reli upon it fantast perform from broderick , witherspoon , and newcom jessica campbel , as paul 's anti-soci sister , tammi . 
broderick here is play the mr . rooney role from _ferri bueller_ , and he seem to be have the most fun he 's had sinc then . 
witherspoon is a revel . 
it 's earli in the year , it 's a comedi , and teenag have littl clout , but for my money , witherspoon deserv an oscar nomin . 
and onc campbel 's charact get go , like in her fantast speech in the gymnasium , then you 're won over . 
one thing that 's been bother me sinc i 've seen it . 
there is an extraordinari amount of sexual in thi film . 
i suppos that , come from mtv film , i should expect no less . . . 
but the film start off light and airi , like a sitcom . 
as the screw tighten , and the tension mount , alexand payn decid to add element that , frankli , distract from the stori . 
it is bad enough that mr . m doe n't like traci 's determin to win at all cost , but did they have to throw in the student/teach relationship ? 
even so , there 's no logic reason whi mr . m ha an affair when he doe . 
there 's a lot to like in _election_ , but the plot similar to _rushmore_ , and the tonal nosed it take as it get explicitli sex-driven , mark thi as a disappoint . 
