after watch `` rat race `` last week , i notic my cheek were sore and realiz that , when not laugh aloud , i had held a grin for virtual all of the film 's 112 minut . 
saturday night , i attend anoth sneak preview for the movi and damn if i did n't enjoy it as much the second time as the first . 
`` rat race `` is a great goofi delight , a dandi mix of energet perform , inspir sight gag and flat-out silli . 
hand down , thi is the most fun film of the summer . 
the movi begin with zippi retro-styl open credit that look like they were torn straight out of a '60 slapstick comedi , featur anim photo of the cast attach to herky-jerki bodi bound around the screen . 
then come the setup . 
donald sinclair ( john clees ) , the extrem rich owner of the venetian hotel and casino in la vega , enjoy concoct unusu bet for hi high roll client . 
to that end , he place a half dozen veri special token in hi slot machin . 
gather togeth the lucki token holder , he explain , `` today you have a chanc to play a game where the odd of win are one in six . `` 
the competit is simpl : each contest get a key that open a locker in silver citi , n . m . , contain $ 2 million in cash . 
there is a transmitt in everi key , so that sinclair and hi croni can keep track of who is ahead . 
the race ha no rule ? whichev contest reach the locker first get the money . 
sinc it would be wrong to spoil ani of the joke , let 's use the next few paragraph to profil the racer . 
deck out in flashi , trashi cloth and sport big hair , vera baker ( whoopi goldberg ) is in town to reunit with the daughter she gave up for adopt as a babi . 
she find that grown-up merril ( lanai chapman ) is erudit , conserv and more than a littl bit wari of thi stranger tri to jump into her life . 
thrown togeth , it becom clear that both women share a fierc competit natur . 
owen templeton ( cuba good jr . ) is current the most hate man in america . 
an nfl refere , he cost gambler all over the countri enorm amount of money by blow a call in a high-profil game . 
after escap from a veng cab driver , owen get to new mexico by masquerad as the driver for a busload of luci ricardo imperson head to a convent . 
mr . pollini ( rowan atkinson ) is a cheer , odd littl italian man on holiday in america . 
he also is narcolept and fall asleep at the most inopportun time . 
pollini hitch a ride with zack ( wayn knight ) , a hyper-tens ambul driver carri a human heart across countri for a transplant oper . 
randi pear ( jon lovitz ) promis hi wife beverli ( kathi najimi ) and two kid a fun-fil vacat in la vega . 
fear that beverli will be angri over hi involv in the race , he claim that he must travel to silver citi for a job interview . 
beverli insist the famili stay togeth , so they hop in the mini-van and tear off into the desert . 
brother duan ( seth green ) and blain ( vinc vieluf ) codi are young , crook and stupid . 
blain ha a speech impedi due to hi poorli self-don tongu pierc , and duan is the onli person who can come close to understand him . 
the boy will stop at noth to reach their goal . 
final , nick shaffer ( breckin meyer ) is a no-nonsens lawyer-in-train who recruit helicopt pilot traci faucet ( ami smart ) for the journey . 
at first glanc , they seem blandli wholesom , but all that chang when traci buzz the home of her boyfriend shawn ( dean cain ) and spi him swim with anoth woman . 
director jerri zucker ( `` airplan , `` `` ghost `` ) leap from racer to racer , period return to la vega where sinclair and mr . grisham ( dave thoma ) , hi personality-impair right hand man , continu cook up bizarr bet for the gambler . 
as with ani zucker product , a few joke fall flat , but the momentum of the comedi zoom past those misstep . 
high point for me includ a bit involv kathi bate as a roadsid squirrel salesperson and an intric set up gag that carri jon lovitz and famili from a bizarr museum to an outdoor ralli , with an utterli tasteless and screamingli funni pay-off . 
had i been part of the filmmak team , i would have ditch a joke where a key is drop into a babi 's cloth and instead had the key get lost in the cleavag of a doze societi matron . 
it would have drawn the same laugh without the squirm-induc hint of child molest . 
i also would have select a differ band for a concert sequenc . 
my god , do we realli need yet anoth movi with smash mouth perform `` all star ? `` 
but enough carp . 
`` rat race `` is a riot , with terrif no-holds-bar perform from the divers cast . 
see it , see it again and when the dvd come out , buy it , becaus a movi thi hilari will sure have outtak to die for . 
