i 've notic someth late that i 've never thought of befor . 
pseudo- substanc - hollywood fake deep mean in their film . 
have you ever seen a movi that you realli enjoy , then when you look back , you realiz there wa someth miss ? 
more and more , filmmak seem to be put out well rehears , melodramat film that evok strong connot of be a great film , but if you step asid and reflect on your movi go experi , you may just discov noth more than elegantli present fluff . 
i 'm not tri to say citi of angel is that bad . 
it had a lot go for it , but somewher along the way , it falter . 
somehow , underneath the seemingli poetic beauti of it all , there wa a gigant hole somebodi cover with iridesc perform and glossi cinematographi . 
the predict end that shatter our hope ( even though we saw it come ) onli ad to the disappoint . 
but for over an hour , citi of angel is well worth the time . 
nicola cage is seth , a guardian angel who , like hundr ( like thousand or even million ) of other angel , spend etern watch over the citizen of mortal ; human never awar of how much celesti intervent occur in their life . 
meg ryan , in her most subdu perform yet , play maggi , a doctor who begin to ponder exactli who it is we 're fight against when we fight to keep someon aliv . 
after lose a patient on the surgeri tabl , these question envelop maggi , and seth , the angel who wa there to overse the patient 's transit into the afterlif , is immedi captiv by the doctor . 
he begin follow and observ maggi , fall more and more in love with her everyday . 
angel , who we quickli learn are not and never were human , can not experi human sensat such as tast and touch , but they do have the abil to make themselv seen to anyon they desir . 
seth 's ador is too much to resist , and eventu he doe appear to maggi , quit regularli , although such a thing seem taboo among the angel commun . 
the angel are interestingli present , all of them dress in black and more reminisc of hitmen than tradit glow white entiti , but it 's a nice touch that never seem like a mere attempt at uniqu . 
cage is a wonder versatil actor ( think face/off , rais arizona , and it could happen to you - what a combo ! ) who slip into the role of a heavenli agent quit nice but threaten sappi more than onc . 
it 's nice to see ryan pick up role like thi and the one in courag under fire . 
the two are n't veri compar to each other , but they both deviat from her usual `` intellig ditzi `` romant comedi role , and it 's an impress side of ryan movi goer rare have the chanc to enjoy . 
but even though the two lead do an impress job , it is denni franz who grab us with hi interpret of a hospit patient who know more than meet the eye . 
it 's a shame that with so much go for it , citi of angel falter so much in it final stage , leav us with the realiz that an emot incred movi wa out there , they just did n't know quit how to get to it . 
they struggl for an impact conclus and wind up with pain thud rather than an exhilar high . 
filmmak should know your final impress will be the one you linger on , rememb , and convey to other thru word of mouth , so after tell us for 60+ minut that thi film is a gloriou masterpiec , they sure leav us with a dishearten tast of mediocr in our mouth . 
base on the german film wing of desir ( that be the english titl , of cours ) , citi of angel is nineti percent success , enough to make most peopl forgiv it shortcom , even the devastatingli disappoint end . 
most movi goer , the non-cyn anyway , will be too wrap up in the surreal atmospher to give critic to that which need to be critic . 
nonetheless , citi of angel is beauti captiv , which is probabl enough to satisfi those poetic viewer who will appreci a delv into rich emot territori . 
