have not seen , `` who frame roger rabbit `` in over 10 year , and not rememb much besid that i like it then , i decid to rent it recent . 
watch it i wa struck by just how brilliant a film it is . 
asid from the fact that it 's a mileston in anim in movi ( it 's the first film to combin real actor and cartoon charact , have them interact , and make it convincingli real ) and a great entertain it 's also quit an effect comedy/mysteri . 
while the plot may be somewhat familiar the charact are origin , especi babi herman , and watch them togeth is a lot of fun . 
the stori begin in hollywood in 1947 . 
cartoon star roger rabbit is blow take and have troubl keep hi mind on work , so hard-boil privat detect eddi valiant ( bob hoskin ) is call in by studio head r . k . 
maroon ( alan tilvern ) to tri to help get roger 's mind back on work . 
maroon think that roger 's wife , jessica 's , possibl unfaith to him might be the caus of distract and tell eddi to get some photo of her in the act befor it cost him ani more money in reshoot . 
valiant take some photo of jessica play , ` patti cake ' with marvin acm ( stubbi kay ) , the owner of toontown ( where all of the cartoon charact live ) and take them to maroon . 
upon see them , roger is emot destroy and soon after acm is found dead and roger rabbit is the prime suspect . 
the rest of the movi follow valiant and roger as they run around town ( and eventu toontown ) tri to clear roger 's good name . 
along the way they meet judg doom ( christoph lloyd ) a judge-jury-and execution type who 's out to get roger and ha discov the one and onli way to kill a ` toon . ' 
` who frame roger rabbit ' won 4 academi award includ a special achiev award for richard william for anim direct and creation of the cartoon charact ( william and hi team went through the film frame by frame and hand drew the cartoon charact in ) . 
director robert zemeki must be given an equal amount of prais for overse the entir product , which includ hundr of anim . 
also bob hoskin ' perform should be credit . 
he , in addit to the rest of the human cast , find the right note to play in all of the scene with hi cartoon co-star . 
accord to the internet movi databas , hoskin studi hi young daughter to learn how to act with imaginari charact and i guess hi hard work paid off . 
` who frame roger rabbit ' is a rare film . 
one that not onli present a great challeng to the filmmak but one that can be enjoy by the whole famili ( although some veri young viewer may be a littl scare by judg doom ) . 
do yourself a favor and rent it , ` p-p-p-p-pleas . `` 
