a fulli load entertain review - websit come in juli ! 
> from ace ventura to truman burbank , jim carrey ha run the whole gamut of comic , yet sympathet , charact . 
1996 's the cabl guy wa suppos to be hi big `` breakthrough `` role from zani humor into darker , more dramat act . 
as most everyon know , the result were , well , less-than-stellar . 
not onli did the film not do so hot at the box offic , but it wa also pan by critic . 
as far as i know , gene siskel and i are the onli one will to admit that we dug it . 
the first time i saw the cabl guy , in theatr , i wa in super critic-mod , and did n't realli like it . 
howev , due to the fact that hbo show the movi everi singl day , i 've had time to lean back , relax , and take in the film . 
and to my surpris , it grew on me . 
the plot is rather simpl : broderick play a guy name steven who befriend hi cabl guy , play by carrey , then is stalk by him when steven tri to break off the relationship . 
see , steven 's been have some problem with hi girlfriend , robin ( lesli mann ) , and he doe n't think he ha ani more room in hi life for a new friend . 
also , some of the cabl guy 's antic have been creep him out . 
carrey , as the cabl guy , give steven variou alias , which later we find out are all tv charact : larri tate , chip dougla , ricki ricardo , etc . he appar live in hi cabl van , and while mani critic did n't enjoy thi newer , darker , less-man perform from carrey , i thought it wa interest and rather well-don . 
for me , it not the movi as a whole that 's enjoy , but rather sever individu scene : a karaok jam at steven 's apart , a mediev fight at a theme restaur , and a bathroom beat ( a la liar , liar ) , just to name a few . 
perhap the fact that more of carrey 's humor side come out dure these scene is what make them so funni . 
and if you realli want to see someth , you 've got to hear hi version of jefferson airplan 's `` somebodi to love `` , sung at the aforment karaok jam . 
the cabl guy ha it bad spot , like most ani movi . 
i did n't particularli like steven 's girlfriend , and i felt that more focu should have been use on the relationship between steven and hi best friend . 
also , the end , while have you fool for a moment , is rather contriv , and somewhat dissapoint . 
still , i found the cabl guy to be a worthwhil ventur ; if you 're at the video store and ca n't think of anyth to rent , i suggest you tri it out . 
or if you have hbo , just wait till it come on ( you wo n't have to wait long . ) 
hell , that 's what i do everi day . 
