the event of event is upon us . 
peopl have wait twenty-two year for the prequel to star war and die-hard fan have been camp out at theater for month to get ticket to see it . 
i do n't think that america will ever actual recov from what thi hurrican of a film ha caus . 
it is not a bit of an exagger to say that thi is the most highli anticip movi in histori . 
anyon who tell you `` it 's just a movi `` is either lie or clueless . 
it is clearli obviou that after the wait and the hype actual see the movi will be anticlimact . 
the second come of the lord could not live up to the kind of buzz ( which is far too weak a word ) that star war epsod i : the phantom menac so effortlessli gener . 
but that doe not mean that the film itself is bad . 
in fact , it is terrif . 
i strongli suspect that mani of the peopl who were dissappoint by it have simpli surrend to the media machin and the inevit backlash . 
it is set some decad befor the event of the origin 1977 star war took place . 
the film focus on the fledgl republ of planet and the conflict that is rage : the trade feder , angri at some tax rais that wa recent put in place ha invad the small , peac planet of naboo . 
the republ sent two jedi knight ( peopl that can activ commun with what is affection known as `` the forc `` ) , qui-gon jinn ( liam neeson ) and obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) to negoti . 
unabl to stop the tide of event that wa about to occur , the jedi and the queen of naboo ( natali portman ) escap naboo and head for corusc to tri and get the republ senat to interven . 
on the way they get sidetrack to a planet call tatooin , where they meet the movi 's real focal point , young anakin skywalk ( jake lloyd ) . 
he is an innoc slave boy , but `` the forc is strong with him `` so qui- gon is determin to take him with them to the jedi counsel and get him train as a jedi . 
as ani self-respect star war fan should know , anakin will grow up to be darth vader and give birth to luke skywalk . 
> from the begin it is evid that thi is not an actor 's movi . 
around 70 % of the charact , if not more , are comput gener in one form or anoth , and though the effect are seamless , the movi lack soul . 
i think that although the comput ha play an incred instrument part in moviemak thi decad , cinema should still be a human art and the phantom menac nearli defi thi . 
thi is the lightest instal in the star war saga thu far , with plenti of broad comic relief to go around , much of it courtesi of an irrit knew charact name jar-jar bink . 
he 's essenti a computer-anim sidekick who say thing like `` exqueez me ? `` 
and `` mesa go now , okeday ? `` , and although it is often amus it is also inher annoy . 
the visual effect are astound ( although director georg luca often chicken out by cut away from them ) and the movi is a thrill triumph . 
if it lack in plot and in act it make up for it through imagin and excit . 
the climact lightsab battl ( oh , come on , as if you did n't alreadi know ) , among other thing , is outrag entertain and defin the term `` popcorn movi `` . 
what made me surrend and give thi movi * * * 1/2 star wa the score by john william . 
even though it doe seem like the man score everi singl movi that come out these day , hi work here is noth short of brilliant . 
hi use of opera dure the climax realli doe add a punch and hi ingeni way of util the imperi march as a sort of propheci is chill . 
the phantom menac is probabl most effect as pop nostalgia . 
when you see `` a long time ago , in a galaxi far , far away `` , when the familiar music play , when the word `` star war `` appear on screen , you 'll feel a tingl even if you did n't see the movi when it first came out in '77 . 
it feel oddli excit to be introduc to young anakin , a boy whose innoc , we know , will be taken away and who will soon cross over to the dark side . 
it is the perfect exampl of dramat ironi to see the jedi master aspir to get him train in the jedi art ; we know that it will do more harm than good , but they do not . 
we not onli feel more involv in the stori , but we feel like we 're see the begin of a saga that we have cherish for year . 
the phantom menac , although lack in human aspect of the stori , is a veri worthi instal in the star war . 
it work as an action flick , visual eye-pop and often paralyzingli excit ; it also work as an elicitor of memori , a piec of exquisit nostalgia . 
? 1999 eugen novikov & # 137 ; 
