when _star wars_ came out some twenti year ago , the imag of travel throughout the star ha becom a commonplac imag . 
when the millenium falcon move throughout the star , we see constel , meteor shower , and cool space-ship . 
when han solo goe light speed , the star chang to bright line , go toward the viewer in line that converg at an invis point . 
cool . 
_octob sky_ offer a much simpler imag -- that of a singl white dot , travel horizont across the night sky . 
wa it realli onli forti year ago , when sputnik wa launch , and that befor then , no satellit ever exist ? 
have we becom so technolog advanc that we have forgotten that it wa nearli two gener ago where peopl stood outsid to breathlessli see a then-technolog achiev , even though it wa from the russian ? 
it sound hokey , but when that scene occur near the begin of _octob sky_ , i found myself caught up with the enthusiasm of homer hickam , play by jake gyllenha . 
determin to make a dent in the space race , he becom transfix with hi desir to make a rocket that could fli like the best of them . 
it is film like thi that we know the end as we buy the ticket . 
when love teacher miss riley ( play by laura dern ) , suggest that he enter hi find into the nation scienc fair , we know exactli who is go to win . 
but the joy in a film like thi is in the littl detail . 
for exampl , homer is clearli not the strongest student in hi class . 
if he ha ani strength whatsoev , it is an undet vision , and a good organ . 
it mean that he may have to lose hi reput by associ with the nerdiest kid in school , who know more about rocket scienc than he doe . 
it mean that if hi father forbid him to shoot rocket on compani properti ( that is , the entir coal-min town ) , he must walk eight mile one way , just to set up the rocket , which will fail , fail , fail , and fail again . 
homer+ dad is play by chri cooper , a favorit actor of mine sinc _lone star_ . 
here he play the antithesi of the charact he play in _matewan_ : instead of organ union ralli , he is the head of the coal-min , who is constantli wring hi hand against the union . 
thi is will be one of the great unnot perform of the year : note how multi-dimension hi charact is . 
he is hi son+ last nemesi , as one who most like interfer with hi son+ dream . 
but he truli love hi son , and want to see him succeed the onli way he know how . 
through coal-min . 
becaus of hi charact , we can see how far we+v come . 
the revolut of modern technolog ha allow for us to see societi advanc at a rate far faster than ani gener befor us . 
we don+t understand that there were the gener from the industri revolut who knew of no other way to rais a famili . 
the paradigm wa shift under the father+ feet , and he knew of no other life . 
so _octob sky_ , far from be mere a feel-good inspir film , offer much food for thought . 
and thi is the best type of inspir film ; the one that you take someth with you . 
btw , the final imag of the film is just as simpl , is as strong a contrast as the aforement horizontal-mov white dot against the night-ski background . 
anoth commonplac imag , to be sure , but it must have been breathtak forti year ago . 
