`` he 's back , and it 's about time . `` 
wa the motto for thi televis seri pilot ( i call it a pilot , i do n't care what fox network say ) reviv of the cult classic british tv show , doctor who , that spawn no seri , which mean there are no smart network exec out there ( not exactli news to a lot of peopl , i know ) . 
the motto wa well chosen . 
the seri wa simpl , it wa about thi time lord scientist call the doctor with thirteen live who travel around in a type forti spaceship call a tardi outsmart all kind of alien baddi , includ the evil dalek , and the master , who appear in thi featur , play veri badli by eric robert . 
as good as thi reviv wa , there is someth miss from it to make sure it wa realli doctor who . 
is it the act ? 
hell , no ! 
paul mcgann is just as good as ani of the other seven guy who 've play the doctor ( includ hi predecessor and off-screen friend sylvest mccoy , who appear onc more for the regener scene ) . 
he look right for the role , is a brilliant actor , and slip effortlessli into the role , the way my two favorit jon pertwe and tom baker would . 
daphn ashbrook bring class to her role as dr . grace holloway , the doctor 's first companion that he kiss on screen , she is not your typic femal companion who scream , and spend her free time make coffe for the doctor , she is a tough , spunki american , and ashbrook show thi well . 
young yee jee tso show promis as chang lee , and i 've seen him in other stuff in which he usual play the punk kid who die at the end ( thi film includ ) , which , imho , wast hi talent . 
the onli problem with the act is eric robert . 
one time he had to say to mcgann 's doctor , `` i alway dress for the occas . `` 
but he broke it up , and said it so slowli that it wound up sound like a song lyric , `` i alway . . . 
dress . . . 
for the occas . `` 
you need an actor less slow and less reliant on move hi hand to act , and who 's also british , like mcgann is as the doctor . 
execut produc phil segal said he wa cast becaus fox insist on have one american star in the role . 
i dunno who thought of cast him , but if they 're read thi : news flash : eric robert is * not * a star ! 
he ride on hi sister 's coattail , and ani hit movi he make ha noth to do with him . 
is thi problem the kiss to the past ? 
they have refer to the show so subtl that non fan would not notic them , onli whovian would , and they 're good . 
is it the script or the movi as a whole ? 
the script is a classi piec of work , featur a master who can spit slime out of hi mouth and nice dialogu , and the movi as a whole is one fan will love , and it is a good stand alon view for nonfan to enjoy the seri . 
so what is it ? 
simpl : no plot . 
the master , on hi last leg , send for the doctor to rescu him after the dalek put him on trial on their planet skaro and extermin him . 
the doctor attempt to take hi remain back to gallifrey , but they accident land in san francisco , 1999 , decemb 31 , where the master , with young street hood chang lee 's help , open the eye of harmoni , which will suck the earth through it at midnight if the doctor , with the help of femal surgeon , dr . grace holloway , doe n't close it by then . 
virtual no plot . 
i wa told the movi would 've featur the dalek on screen and start with more of a courtroom drama between the master and the dalek , but a lot of rewrit went on on the set . 
that show how smart peopl are , as it would have made the movi a hell of a lot more interest , and that would 've gotten a four star rate out of me . 
