` we run ting . 
ting do n't run we . ' 
-sound advic from capon ( paul campbel ) to hi squaddi ( or partner ) , floyd ( winston bell ) . 
jamaican film , shot entir on video , featur a standard cop movi plot mix with a dash of john woo-styl brotherhood moral ( and a littl gunplay ) . 
capon , a tough as nail super cop , get a transfer back to hi hometown of kingston after success take down some gangster that have broken into hi home ( while he wa with hi ladi ) and kill hi partner in front of him . 
when he arriv , he discov that the ghetto where he grew up ha gotten wors , thank mainli to the crime boss woni ( jamaican film veteran carl bradshaw ) , so name becaus hi left hand ha been amput and replac by a grasp hook ) . 
capon discov that woni ha been smuggl gun insid shipment of chariti suppli for the area church and , much to hi disappoint , also find out hi childhood friend ratti ( mark danver ) ha been help him . 
torn between do hi job and protect hi best friend , capon must make some hard decis in order to make thing right again . 
direct deftli by first time jamaican filmmak chri brown ( assist director for such american film as how stella got her groov back and instinct ) , one hardli notic the film wa shot on video after a while . 
shot are handl so effici that they quickli take on the nuanc of the aforement john woo film , although the action is n't as hyperkinet as most of woo 's film are . 
the action scene are handl with a kind of flair though , and eventu begin to take on a life of their own ( beyond the hong kong film that they are obvious pattern after ) . 
the make-up effect are particularli good in these scene as well , with flawless squib work on display from the effect team . 
the cast is superb and listen to their dialogu , spoken with thick jamaican accent ( half of which have to be subtitl becaus of their extens use of slang ) , just add to the interest . 
paul campbel , as the ` loos cannon ' capon , essay hi role perfectli , display the right amount of menac and compass at the right time . 
mark danver evok sympathi as ratti , the part-tim gun smuggler who is also tri to help the commun by build footbal field and organ block parti to bring peopl togeth . 
unfortun , carl bradshaw is given the least to do and hi charact as the crime boss seem ineffect ( larg becaus hi underl seem to run all over him ) , but then again , that could be the way hi charact wa intend to be portray . 
the music in the film is compos of all regga song , and the soundtrack wa produc by grammi award win artist , sli and robbi ( who have work with the like of the roll stone , maxi priest , bob dylan , jame brown , grace jone , herbi hancock , bootsi collin , and carli simon among other ) . 
the end credit song , ` we run ting ' , by the group red dragon , is pretti decent and carri on the theme of the movi establish earli on by the quot that open thi review . 
oddli enough , desmond ballentin ( who play the charact deporte ) is well known as a pioneer in the realm of ` gangsta ' regga as the perform ninjaman , and he doe n't contribut a singl song to the film ( that i could see ) , which is virtual unheard of here in the us . 
at the time of thi write , third world cop ha been put into limit theatric releas in the us , come off of a six-month box-offic break run in jamaica , where it hold the posit as highest gross film of all time ( bring in $ 21 million in jamaica , which is roughli $ 500 , 000 us ) . 
palm pictur ( the compani that releas the offbeat , but entertain six-str samurai ) is the compani releas the film and consid that their main focu is the dvd market , i can imagin that a disc will be avail onc the film ha left theater . 
chri blackwel , founder of palm pictur , wa also involv in the product of anoth jamaican box-offic smash in 1981 entitl countryman , so i 'd say he ha a pretti good track record . 
overal , third world cop is a pretti entertain homag to the film of john woo , ringo lam , tsui hark , and mani other action film by director from hong kong . 
if action film are your thing and you do n't mind intermitt subtitl , then you ca n't go wrong with thi film . 
the perform and the stori are solid ( if onli a littl clich ) and the action is tight . 
i 'm not sure what the other jamaican film releas in that countri are like , but appar third world cop 's honor are well deserv . 
