i wa fortun enough to attend an advanc screen for the upcom thriller conspiraci theori . 
thi wa , of cours , a big deal for me becaus review movi is basic just a hobbi for me and i never get a chanc at someth like thi . 
not onli did i get to see an advanc screen , i wa abl to see an advanc screen of a * veri good * movi . 
the veri fast-pac film star mel gibson as jerri fletcher , a fast-talk , witti , comic taxi driver in new york citi . 
gibson 's perform is terrif , and hi charact is similar to that of martin rigg in the lethal weapon film . 
gibson again team up with richard donner , as he did in the lethal weapon film and maverick , and thi time around , the combin work even better . 
the charact of jerri fletcher is inde uniqu . 
tri to imagin a toned-down version of travi bickl who , thi time around , is a jitteri guy with knowledg of govern conspiraci cover-up . 
if you can imagin that , then you 've basic got jerri fletcher . 
in mani way , i wa surpris by thi movi . 
to begin with , i wa surpris at how good it wa . 
do n't get me wrong , it 's not go to be accept ani gold trophi next spring , but it wa a veri enjoy movi . 
secondli , i wa surpris at mel gibson 's perform . 
he provid a fantast perform . 
the preview of thi film led me to believ it wa an all-out action flick , which after view , it wa almost the opposit in a certain sens . 
gibson 's charact ha an almost uncount number of one-lin , hilari situat , and hi charact is one that the audienc tend to side with throughout the film . 
for instanc , jerri 's apart ( and especi hi secur ) is memor . 
and last , i wa surpris at how good the plot is . 
writer brian helgeland ha creat a terrif stori , and when watch thi film , you are left to wonder if all of jerri fletcher 's far-fetch ( or so they seem at first ) conspiraci theori are helgeland 's own opinion . 
mel gibson is n't the onli stand-out in the film . 
julia robert is veri good in her perform as alic sutton , the depart of justic employe who ca n't seem to stay away from jerri fletcher , who continu visit alic in hope that she will do someth about hi theori . 
he also seem obsess and in love with her . 
but whenev he approach her with anoth one of hi theori , she shrug him and hi belief off , continu note that one day she is go to slap a restrain order on him . 
jerri , obvious determin to continu seek out the truth , continu to research inform for hi next conspiraci theori , which will be print in hi newslett ( same titl as the movi ) . 
although he onli ha five subscrib , he put a larg amount of time and effort into hi work , and publish hi next edit . 
veri soon after he doe so , he is abduct and tortur by a sinist man who refer to himself as dr . jona ( patrick stewart ) . 
after bare escap aliv , jerri is forc to turn to the onli person he can trust : alic sutton . 
the remaind of the film is almost alway fast-pac and full of action and suspens , with jerri 's life be constantli put into jeopardi . 
and more along the way , the audienc ( and alic ) learn more and more about jerri 's life . 
mani thing are explain throughout thi film , both to the charact and to the audienc . 
for instanc , the mean of the book `` the catcher in the rye `` and it tie to assassin , the reason lone gunmen have three name ( e . g . 
lee harvey oswald and jame earl ray ) , and the real truth behind the grate dead . 
make sure listen close throughout the film , as jerri is constantli throw out interest tidbit such as the abov . 
definit , when conspiraci theori hit theater august 8th , make sure you are stand in line to see it . 
i am nearli posit everyon should enjoy thi film , especi if you are into an action-thril with witti dialogu and numer suspens situat . 
and even if you are n't , you should still like thi film . 
