up until about a year ago , john travolta 's career consist of those `` look who 's talk `` movi ( notic how they never call them look who 's talent ) and the 1991 bomb shout ( which wa bad enough to make most peopl scream ) . 
but somewher along the line , travolta got the star role in the tarantino masterpiec pulp fiction and hi career soar onc again . 
weird how someon whose career wa on par with the bee gee back in 1978 would experi fame and fortun onc again , while barri , robin and mauric gibb could do no better than a 1993 straight-to-the-cutout-bin album aptli name `` size is n't everyth `` ( and of cours , they learn that sale are everyth ) . 
but now travolta 's back on the hollywood scene onc again , and i think we all know whi . 
four word : contract with the devil . 
and thi ha noth to do with newt gingrich 's `` contract with america . `` 
no , satan is much more human . 
anyway , ye , travolta ha sold hi soul to the hairi host of the netherworld . 
how do i know ? 
i own the document in question . 
amaz what you can buy at those collector 's shop for a few hundr dollar , is n't it ? 
get shorti continu in the vein of pulp fiction , with travolta as crime minion chili palmer . 
he goe to collect some of the mafia 's money from a b-grade director ( gene hackman ) and suddenli find out he want out of the mob game and into the movi game . 
sure , a ruthless crimin like him is far too honest to make it in hollywood , but i guess that 's besid the point . 
palmer is determin to get hackman 's next project made , so he set out to convinc big star martin weir ( danni devito ) to star in the movi , bring along down-and-out horror actress karen flore ( rene russo ) , who ha alreadi had affair with hackman and devito . 
it doe n't take a la vega odds-mak to predict that she and travolta will soon be hit the sheet as well , after the customari sexual tension and denial , which ha been use in everi comedi from `` who 's the boss ? `` 
to speechless . 
it work in thi case , unlik `` who 's the boss ? `` 
although it 's interest to note that toni danza ha sign a contract with the devil also . 
complic matter somewhat are the mobster who have back hackman 's other film and want in on thi one too , along with travolta 's mob boss tri to track him down for defect . 
get shorti is by no mean on the same level as pulp fiction , despit the obviou similar . 
thi movi doe n't have near the amount of origin or depth as pulp fiction but it is definit one of the most entertain movi i 've seen thi year ( ye , even better than halloween vi ) . 
get shorti is my kind of movi , one that mix intellig humor with action and violenc . 
i 'm definit go to have to check out the novel it wa base on . 
are you get thi , shorti ? 
