earth is a harsh , unconsol drama about the time when india gain independ from britain and the ensu turmoil that engulf the subcontin . 
peopl who supposedli love the same land and the same god found themselv in bitter conflict , as the countri divid into faction fight in the street : indian and pakistani ; muslim , hindu , sikh , parse . 
the stori take place in lahor , which wa indian befor partit , and pakistani afterward , regardless of what it citizen might call themselv . 
the action is seen through the eye of lenni ( maaia sethna ) , a young parse girl , but it is realli about her nanni , shanta . 
shanta ha a small circl of male admir . 
two of the men are suitor : hasan ( rahul khanna ) , a hindu , and dil navaz ( aamir khan ) , a muslim . 
the other -- sikh , hindu , muslim -- are older ; some are marri ; but all appreci shanta , who is play by the stirringli beauti nandita da . 
( she also star in deepa mehta 's previou film , fire , the first part of a themat trilog which will conclud with water . ) 
in an earli scene , the men are sit in a park talk with shanta and lenni ; polit tension in the countri is grow as the day of independ near . 
one of the men remark , jokingli , that their littl group is probabl one of the last place in the citi where the differ religion can still get along . 
he is wrong : the men make barb littl comment to each other , spoken like joke , but with an undercurr of fanatic . 
the tenor of these exchang grow darker and more bitter as the movi progress . 
it is easi to perceiv , in these squabbl , the trajectori which end in mass violenc and slaughter . 
the group around shanta repres , in a sens , a unit india , and shanta herself the ideal motherland -- one which all love , which inspir hindu , muslim , and sikh to live peacabl togeth . 
but the circl around shanta is sunder , as is the state . 
a sikh is persecut , hide , then flee . 
anoth man is murder . 
the group of friend will not meet again . 
the movi is rife with imag of breakag and destruct : a plate shatter on the floor , a stuf toy torn apart by an upset child , and , most brutal , when the tension escal into violenc , a man is held down , tie between two car , and rip in half by the oppos movement of the vehicl . 
it is a viscer and effect metaphor for a countri which is be destroy just as pain . 
the crux of earth 's plot is the transform undergon by dil navaz . 
hi sister are kill in brutal fashion , by hindu , becaus they are muslim . 
dil navaz seek solac from shanta , and ask in desper that she marri him . 
but she love hasan , and tenderli refus dil navaz 's offer . 
the combin of famili anguish and romant reject twist insid him , and it is easi to see how he is seduc by the grow mob mental : the muslim caus give him a motiv to vent hi anger and hate . 
despit the thing he later doe , it is to the credit of earth that it doe not simpli denounc dil navaz and those like him , but show how circumst can make decent enough men do monstrou thing . 
the conclus -- the consequ of dil navaz 's transform -- is rather abrupt . 
the stori earth tell doe not end . 
it just stop . 
it is an appropri finish : give us closur would have impart , at least on an aesthet level , a sens of resolut , of satisfact . 
but there wa no resolut for india and pakistan -- they have been at war , on a small or larg scale , for decad . 
sinc the person drama in earth mirror the polit struggl of a nation , it is onli right that those drama should have no terminu . 
there is no heal to be had , no closur , on ani level ( despit the needless , tacked-on end , with voice-ov narrat from lenni as an adult , frame the stori ) . 
earth is , in some way , an unexcept movi . 
it doe not reinvent the wheel , follow instead the standard pattern of histor drama . 
but deepa mehta 's directon is assur , and the issu she address run deep . 
earth doe for india what movi like zhang yimou 's to live and tian zhuangzhuang 's the blue kite did for china : they show us the agoni endur by unremark peopl who had the bad luck to be caught up and smash in the crucibl of histori . 
such film strike me as inher valuabl , even when flaw . 
they may be bias or inaccur , but they bear the weight of human hardship , and thi confer on them a nobil and graviti which other , more invent film , often lack . 
it is notabl that all three movi were ban in their nativ countri : the event shown may have happen decad ago , but they still touch a nerv . 
the issu tackl in earth have a particular urgenc in light of the nuclear test bomb that took place last year . 
in the near futur , india and pakistan may launch nuclear missil at each other . 
at the time of the test i had some understand of the reason whi thi might happen ; after see earth , i have a much , much better understand . 
