hollywood ha realli done the whole dracula thing to death ( no pun intend - honest ) . 
it 's a shame , too , becaus the good count wa probabl the most frighten out the old b-movi monster . 
i mean , come on . 
are peopl realli go to get that scare over a big green guy name frankenstein that move at a speed of five mile per hour ? 
hell no . 
and not onli wa the idea of a vampir frighten as hell , but it also carri with it a kind of sensual feel as well , not commonli associ with horror film . 
and not onli ha the idea been done too mani time , but with the possibl except of from dusk 'till dawn , ha not been done veri well late , either . 
thi is precis whi it wa so much fun for me watch the origin nosferatu . 
i got to go back to the time when make movi ( even horror movi ) wa consid an art form , and not just done to make cash like nowaday . 
and that is exactli what thi film is ; art . 
i 've been a horror fan sinc i wa eight year old , and to thi day i have not seen ani horror film cover the intellectu ground that thi film cover . 
let me backtrack a minut . 
when i say `` intellectu ground `` , i do n't mean that nosferatu tackl philosoph question or anyth like that , i just mean that in order for the film to work the way it wa intend to , a littl bit of think is involv . 
with most modern slasher movi like friday the 13th and what-not , you can just simpli sit back in your chair and be frighten by the gore that is shown . 
those movi could have been made by a fifth grader with a good makeup kit ; movi like thi requir the viewer to actual pay attent and ponder what is happen on the screen . 
you see , thi movi ha bare ani violenc in it and even less blood or gore . 
thi is a think man 's slasher flick . 
the `` nosferatu `` of the titl is orlock ( max shreck ) , a strang , hermit-lik count that , as the film open , is look for a new home to buy . 
he employ the help of hutter ( gustav von wangenhein ) , a real estat salesman ( or someth to that effect ) who ha a nice home and even a fiance name ellen ( greta schroeder ) . 
upon order from hi boss , hutter trek to the transylvanian mountain to visit orlock 's castl and speak to him about hi new home ( which just happen to be right next door to hutter 's ) . 
the next morn , he wake up to find teeth mark on hi neck . . . not 
realli a good sign . 
he then discov through some read that the count is a `` nosferatu `` , or vampir , one of the undead that feed off the blood of live human . 
but by the time he piec thi togeth , he is too late ; orlock ha alreadi embark to hutter 's hometown via boat . 
will hutter reach hi destin in time to save hi fiance from the deadli clutch of count orlock ? 
the charact of orlock is , of cours , dracula . 
the onli onli reason hi name wa chang wa becaus thi wa an unauthor account of bram strocker 's novel . 
just thought that wa an interest littl side note . . . 
probabl the onli way you will get to see thi fine film is by purchas a copi of arrow entertain 's digit restor cut , now avail in store . 
howev , thi version is quit differ than maunau 's origin masterpiec . 
the movi is now sport a new soundtrack by band type o-neg and color tint , much like the 1984 version of lang 's metropoli . 
now , i realli appreci what arrow entertain is tri to do here , bring a classic like thi to the attent of a wider audienc that might have otherwis just skip thi one . 
but ala , i like watch movi the way they were origin intend to be seen . 
but that 's just my bag ; you may like the newer , more `` modern `` version better . 
either way , i suggest invest your money in a copi . 
if you like what they have done with it , pop it in the vcr and enjoy . 
if you 're like me , just do what i 'll do dure futur view ; turn the color all the way down on your televis , hit mute , turn on some bach or mozart or whatev , dim the light and prepar to view what is truli one of the greatest film ever made . 
