ingredi : starv artist lust after a beauti woman from hi childhood 
synopsi : great expect ( 1998 ) is a modern version of a charl dicken novel . 
in the origin charl dicken classic an orphan boy name pip learn about life through hi friendship with an escap convict , hi relationship with a bitter old ladi name miss havisham , and hi hopeless lifetim infatu with havisham 's snobbish adopt daughter , estella . 
the gist of the stori is that an anonym benefactor send pip to london for pip to becom an upper class `` gentleman . `` 
pip leav for london with `` great expect `` to be groom into a gentleman so that he can one day be classi enough to marri estella . 
but life ha a way of complic thing . 
pip becom an arrog s . o . b . 
until he learn just who hi secret benefactor is . 
in thi new 1998 version of great expect a poor florida lad name finn ( ethan hawk ) with a talent for draw ha an earli memori of help an escap convict ( robert de niro ) . 
but soon the focu of finn 's life becom romanc , as he develop a lifelong infatu with estella ( gwyneth paltrow ) , an upper crust girl with some psycholog and emot issu due to be rais in a dysfunct environ . 
estella wa rais in wealth by ms . dinsmoor ( ann bancroft ) , an eccentr , age and embitt , man-hat singl aunt whose groom left her abandon at the altar on the day of her marriag . 
thi caus estella to 'fear the daylight ' of relationship , but finn think it 's just a case of snobberi . 
when finn becom a young man , an anonym benefactor set finn up in new york with the connect and public to be groom into a famou artist . 
finn leav florida with `` great expect `` to be a success artist so that some day he might becom classi enough to marri the snobbish estella . 
what will happen to all of finn 's `` great expect ? `` 
opinion : if you 're look for a romanc with a happi end , look no further ; you 've found one here . 
ethan hawk is romant lead . 
( he romanc winona ryder in realiti bite . 
he romanc juli delpi in befor sunris . 
he romanc uma thurman in gattaca . 
now in great expect he get to chase gwyneth paltrow , a rail-thin blond . ) 
hawk play a lovestruck , earnest and unchang finn throughout the film . 
meanwhil paltrow portray estella as altern between infuri teas and ice princess ; estella 's whole purpos is to get men to fall in love and then hurt them rather than becom intim . 
ann bancroft goe a littl overboard as the derang and pessimist ms . dinsmoor , while robert de niro carri off the convict part suitabl . 
the differ between the classic dicken novel and thi 1998 adapt is that the dicken novel is ripe with deep and timeless theme about class struggl and love , wherea great expect ( 1998 ) is more artsi , less complic stori about a 1990 artist deal with a lifetim teas . 
