roman emperor marcu aureliu ( richard harri ) choos hi trust gener maximu ( russel crow ) as hi successor . 
howev the emperor 's evil son commodu ( joaquin phoenix ) murder hi father befor the announc can be made , and maximu ( as well as hi famili ) is sentenc to be execut . 
maximu is abl to escap hi execution , but is later captur and sold as a slave to proximo ( oliv reed ) . 
proximo is look for gladiat to earn himself money ( he be a former gladiat himself ) , and maximu reluctantli use hi skill to prove himself a power gladiat . 
when emperor commodu announc that new game will be held in the colisseum , proximo take hi gladiat there to do battl . 
maximu see thi as hi chanc to exact reveng on commodu . 
gladiat begin with a great battl sequenc between the roman armi and germania , and actual is abl to maintain interest dure the now requir `` 40 minut of exposit after a kick ass open sequenc `` style of moviemak . 
the onli downfal of the open sequenc is the edit style use . . . 
it 's choppi slow-mot which is unsettl and distract . 
it 's similar to the open sequenc in save privat ryan , but nowher near as effect . 
the actual gladiat battl are thrill , but also a bit disjoint . 
mani time it 's unclear as to exactli what 's go on . . . 
all the audienc can tell is that blood is be spill . 
we 're not sure who 's blood or by who 's hand though . 
there 's an instanc of thi earlier in the film too that 's disappoint . 
it 's come when maximu escap hi execution . 
some flash and a few quick cut later and maximu is free . . . 
but i still do n't know exactli how he did it . 
russel crow should have becom a major star after hi gleefulli over the top role as a comput gener serial killer in 1995 's virtuos . 
for whatev reason hi stardom never arriv . . . 
but he should have it now . 
from here on moviego should now be abl to say , `` let 's go see the new russel crow movi `` . 
he get the best scene in the film ( and one of the best moment of all recent movi ) when he reveal hi ident to commodu in the colisseum . 
it 's both rous and chill . 
joaquin phoenix doe a veri effect job of make commodu a person and not just a cartoon charact ( which could have easili happen ) . 
commodu is conniv , sneaki and whini , but phoenix never let the charact get silli . 
it 's a veri good ( and veri creepi ) perform . 
oliv reed die dure the film of gladiat , and it 's a huge loss to the act world . 
i 've alway been fascin with reed . . . 
he 's one of those veri talent perform who onc had a fine career but end up in direct to video junk dure hi twilight year . 
it 's iron that thi film probabl would have gotten him back into real movi again , as he give a fun and sincer perform . 
the film is dedic to him , and he will sure be miss . 
reed 's death present the filmmak with an obviou problem , as he still had scene to be complet . 
rather than recast the role ( and end up reshoot a great deal of footag ) , a digit version of oliv reed wa creat at a report cost of 2 million dollar . 
iron , that wa probabl more money than reed ever earn for a singl film . 
anyway , thi digit effect is onli use in one scene that i am awar of ( for about twenti second ) and if you are n't look for it you wo n't even be abl to tell . 
some of the other digit effect are less convinc howev . . . 
and like i alway say , notic digit effect take me out of a movi immedi . 
it 's sad that such a good film ha these distract . 
movi like the fall of the roman empir and spartacu seem to do okay without the use of comput effect . 
keep in mind that gladiat is base on real peopl and real event , but is entir a work of fiction . 
howev it 's a work of fiction that 's great entertain , and anoth film to add to the list of damn fine flick releas in 2000 a . d . 
