screen stori by kevin yagher and andrew kevin walker . 
screenplay by andrew kevin walker . 
inspir by the short stori the legend of sleepi hollow by washington irv . 
direct by tim burton . 
star johnni depp , christina ricci , and casper van dien . 
special appear by christoph lee and christoph walken . 
synopsi : investig ichabod crane journey to 1799 sleepi hollow to investig a seri of murder involv decapit . 
townspeopl believ the spirit of a dead german mercenari is threaten them . 
cute blond katrina and a listless orphan help crane solv the mysteri . 
comment : tim burton ha direct a number of entertain and groundbreak film over the year . 
batman , of cours , is perhap hi best-known film and led to a string of less success sequel . 
he 's done biograph work ( on the director ed wood ) , children 's movi ( nightmar befor christma ) , and a homag to alien invas movi ( mar attack ! ) . 
sleepi hollow , hi newest featur which fan have been anticip for a while , share the similar dark and atmospher style of hi earlier work and count among hi better movi . 
sleepi hollow quit obvious draw it inspir from the old period horror film of the 1950 and 1960 , especi hammer studio ' rework of dracula and frankenstein , and american intern 's seri of movi base on the work of edgar allan poe . 
christoph lee , in fact , star of mani hammer product over the year , appear at the begin of sleepi hollow as a judg who send ichabod crane out to investig the murder . 
the movi also borrow from the univers monster movi of the 1930 . 
one of the climat scene involv a windmil and obvious take it cue from frankenstein . 
i mention these allus for a reason . 
season horror film fan , includ myself , will smile at their inclus in thi film . 
with the recent disappoint in theatric releas horror movi , especi the blair witch project ( the most overblown turkey of the decad ) , we need a film like thi . 
not onli doe it have a sens of histori , but burton 's skill use of set and mood make thi an entertain exercis in horror . 
the film 's eeri landscap and foggi town , inde , overshadow the actor and the plot as the most noteworthi aspect of the movi . 
johnni depp , a veteran tim burton actor who ha appear both in ed wood and edward scissorhand , play ichabod crane , who ha appar chang occup from irv 's origin stori and is now an investig . 
depp is adequ in hi role . 
no more ; no less . 
equal adequ is christina ricci , who play the love interest in the film . 
she 's a good witch too . 
how cute . 
one of the few weak part of sleepi hollow is the wooden and clich dialogu between the main charact . 
the two actor , howev , carri the movi well enough , but the support cast is what make thi movi shine . 
veteran actor such as jeffrey jone and michael gough ( who play the butler alfr in all four recent batman flick ) are terrif as the age townsfolk involv in the conspiraci which depp uncov . 
while i do not wish to reveal crucial plot point , i can say that the storylin becom quit confus . 
you have to pay attent . 
andrew kevin walker wrote the screenplay . 
he 's the one who also wrote 8 mm and seven . 
walker is quickli becom one of the premier suspens writer in hollywood , and sleepi hollow certainli doe n't hurt hi grow reput . 
as one might imagin from a gentleman like walker , sleepi hollow is quit graphic . 
there 's a lot of blood and a lot of behead . 
thi is defin not a flick to take the young kid to . 
a ladi in front of us took her two young son to see it and spent about 25 - 30 minut cover the youngest 's eye with her hand . 
he wa obvious upset by the movi 's intens violenc . 
if you 're look for a good scare , howev , sleepi hollow is defin recommend . 
