no film in recent ha left me with such conflict feel as neil jordan 's harrow , humor , horrifi adapt of patrick mccabe 's novel about young lad franci bradi 's ( eamonn owen ) descent into mad in 1960 ireland . 
on one hand , it wa difficult for me to becom invest in franci 's stori becaus he is such an unsavori charact , unjustify vent hi rage at hi nosi but otherwis harmless neighbor mr . nugent ( fiona shaw ) . 
on anoth hand , i found it difficult to laugh at some of franci 's darkli comic shenanigan becaus he obvious is such a sick , needi child , have been rais by a drunken father ( stephen rea ) and a suicid mother ( aisl o'sullivan ) . 
on yet anoth hand , i also found it difficult to complet sympath with franci dure hi more emot scene becaus some of hi , for lack of a better word , `` bad `` deed are so incred shock in their brutal and the malici glee in which he perform them . 
howev , the butcher boy 's power is undeni , and the film as a whole is unforgett -- perhap becaus it is so disturb . 
what make it so unsettl is the franci 's overal wink-wink yet matter-of-fact attitud about everyth , express in a cheeki voiceov narrat deliv by the adult franci ( rea again ) . 
think heavenli creatur play larg for laugh , and you 'll sort of understand . 
anchor the whole film is the astonish debut perform of owen ; love franci or hate him , you can not take your eye off of owen . 
the butcher boy truli is a twist , unusu film that is bound to make just about anyon uncomfort . 
in the lobbi after the screen , i overheard one man rave about how great yet disturb it wa ; i also heard one particularli offend woman say with disgust , `` that movi wa so unfunni ! `` 
`` i did n't know what to expect . 
it 's like someth you chase for so long , but then you do n't know how to react when you get it . 
i still do n't know how to react . `` 
-- michael jordan , on win hi first nba championship in 1991 . . . or , 
my thought after meet him on novemb 21 , 1997 
