mani peopl dislik french film for their lack of closur . 
while possibl shallow , i 've often had a desir for a sens of epiphani , or at least a resolut , in the film which i view . 
there is no revel in un coeur en hiver in the tradit ; howev , the film is incred success in it passion dramat of a passion-deni protagonist , stephan ( daniel auteuil ) . 
stephan ( daniel auteuil ) is a master violin maker . 
he is passionless about all that which surround him except hi craft and the music which hi craft is respons for produc . 
even the relationship between he and hi boss , maxim ( andr dussolli ) is a control , and almost manipul associ , highlight by the fact that stephan permit maxim to win close squash match . 
in the begin of the movi , stephan is a close , solitari individu and the audienc is care left to wonder about the depth of emot behind thi enigmat man . 
camil kessler ( emmanuel beart ) is a master violinist and the new love of maxim . 
maxim is so much in love with camil that he plan to and doe leav hi wife . 
like stephan , camil is outwardli veri control and reserv , sacrif all thought and emot to her violin and the music which emerg . 
when stephan and camil meet , there is a recognit of a bond by both individu . 
howev , wherea camil submit to the wild interplay of emot which she now feel for stephan , stephan onli admit that camil is attract to him . 
stephan ignor hi feel for camil , which the audienc can not help but to see is present . 
as the movi progress , the two charact becom more and more polar in their view and emot for one anoth . 
these two peopl , with veri similar approach to life initi , react to their new circumst veri differ . 
stephan becom even more ration and control , while camil becom more tempestu , until she almost border on suffer a nervou breakdown due to the inabl to consumm their relationship . 
howev , their approach to each other is perhap not surpris consid their vocat . 
the audienc is led to believ that stephan may have been a geniu as a violinist as well , due to hi relationship with a master violin teacher . 
howev , appar , he could not be a violinist due to hi intoler for flaw in hi play . 
consequ , stephan becom a precis craftsmen with the instrument and no longer play . 
in contrast , camil had almost given the violin , year earlier . 
howev , with the aid of her manag , she ha progress to be almost one of the world 's finest , success submerg herself to her play . 
dure the cours of the movi , we see both charact evolv as they struggl to meet the challeng of their new emot . 
stephan attempt to remain unchang . 
howev , we do see subtl hint of hi transform . 
one of the most obviou is when he defeat maxim in squash . 
the develop of all of the charact , mani of which is not includ in thi synopsi , is incred . 
american movi , with rare except , have not and i would daresay can not approach foreign film in charact develop . 
in it essenc , thi movi is about the develop and growth of the charact , camil and stephan . 
the portray of all the other charact in the movi , includ a death , is to further the develop of camil 's and stepahn 's charact . 
i am not sure whi berardinelli say , `` at time it becom difficult to determin whether stephan should be piti or vilifi , and it is to auteuil 's credit that he manag to maintain thi uncertainti . `` 
thi movi is not about judg stephan 's action as be right or wrong , but about view their growth and accept the charact as who they are . 
i find the end appropri ; unfortun , i found the last ten minut which led up to the final scene to be veri unfulfil . 
thi portion of the film is where the `` sens of closur `` could have been success accomplish . 
unfortun , there is a hurri and almost a soap opera-typ surg of emot from all of the charact . 
while ravel may not be quit as accomplish as schubert or mozart , ravel ha hi day in thi film . 
the synerg of the tension of ravel 's music and tension on the screen is the best i have ever seen . 
the direct in thi movi is wonder . 
the actor and actress are excel , each play their part with great sincer and warmth . 
emmanuel beart 's person is beauti . 
and needless to say , i must say that emmanuel beart , herself , is beauti . 
besid the near end , the onli other critic of the movi which i have is that the movi is almost too cerebr . 
i almost left with the sens littl happen becaus almost all the chang which occur in the movi happen in deep in their psych and littl in their person or the situat which they end as part of . 
the one question which i am left with is while they have accept their lot , ha their attitud toward love chang ? 
i have sever possibl which i believ the movi hint at , but i am unsur of which the director is espous . 
in summari , thi movi is sole about the charact growth of two charact who almost develop a relationship . 
in the process , we see their attitud toward life and other peopl . 
in itself , i do not believ un coeur is a complic movi . 
where it doe becom complic is when we juxtapos the scene of the movi into the greater walk of life where we , as american , have preconceiv american notion of relationship , love , and peopl . 
i do wonder how the movi translat when view within it nativ french cultur . 
howev , i , bring my american preconcept , enjoy the film . 
i would welcom ani comment about thi movi from ani who have seen it . 
