a bleak look at how the boston underworld oper , a film which wa base on the best-sel by georg v . , higgin . 
it is seen through the weari eye of a 51-year-old , small-tim hood , eddi `` finger `` coyl ( mitchum ) . 
he got the nicknam when a mob boss in hi underworld element shut the draw on hi hand as a punish . 
hi current dilemma is that he got caught run illeg booz by truck and face a 3-5 year stretch in new hampshir , someth he feel will be a life sentenc for him sinc he doe n't think he could surviv prison at hi age . 
he is also concern that hi wife and three kid will have to go on welfar . 
he could have cut a deal and gotten off , if he turn hi boss over to the d . a . , but he figur he would never live if he did that . 
he is current gun-run for a gang of veri success bank robber led by scalis ( rocco ) . 
the mask bank robber oper by alway first go to the bank manag 's hous and hold hi famili hostag and then they go to the bank and forc the manag to open the vault for them or els hi famili get it . 
on one of the heist , they kill a bank offic who push the alarm . 
coyl 's best friend is dillon ( boyl ) , a hit man for the mob , work as a bartend . 
he is a perman stooli for the treasuri agent , as an aggress young agent name foley ( jordan ) , who like to be call uncl , give dillon breath room to oper some of hi low-level crime activ and to work the bar even though he ha a prison record , as long as he keep get valuabl info from him on thing happen with the gang . 
with the sentenc date close in on him , the alreadi convict coyl is out on bail and look for an angl to cut hi jail time . 
he contact agent foley and give him a few inconsequenti tip and then decid to do someth that goe against hi grain . 
think he made an iron-clad deal with foley to get hi sentenc squash in new hampshir , he give him the place where a sale of machin gun is go down , know full-wel the young hustler ( keat ) sell the gun is a lot like he wa as a youth and when arrest will be face a life sentenc . 
but foley tell him after he arrest the gun-deal , that new hampshir want more befor they take away hi jail sentenc , they want him to be a full-tim inform . 
warn : spoiler follow in next paragraph . 
the bank robber are setup and caught in the act and the mob boss is convinc coyl did it and give dillon the contract to take care of hi friend . 
the contemptu dillon befriend coyl and treat him to a steak dinner and take him to a bruin hockey game while get him booz up . 
coyl take a look at the young bruin star bobbi orr from hi upper deck seat and say , `` to be young like that and have hi futur , he 's the greatest hockey player in the world . `` 
dillon then take the drunken coyl for a long drive and execut him mob-styl , have a kid who work for him dump the bodi in some bad section of boston . 
thi is a great atmospher film due to the realist noir mood it set , of the hopeless situat the low-level crimin are in , and how they are forc to live with fear and the uncertainti of what horribl thing will happen next . 
the citi street are ugli , the gangster are shown to be capabl of ani action to defend their own interest , whether it is betray or murder . 
there is a fatalist feel about their live , someth robert mitchum wear as easili as other put on a hat . 
mitchum give thi film all the intens and purpos it need , as it overcom a thin plot . 
it make you see the charact for what they are without ani fals sympathi for them . 
mitchum is a loser ; and , that he live so long , is a tribut to hi skill as a survivor . 
but in the end , he even lose the respect he had among hi underworld friend as a standup guy , as he wrestl with hi code of honor and lost even that battl . 
