meet joe black ( review on nov . 27/98 ) 
star brad pitt , anthoni hopkin , clair forlani 
in `` meet joe black `` , brad pitt play death . 
that 's all that realli need to be said , but nevertheless , i will provid the three of you that have seemingli been live in a cave with a plot descript . 
death decid to take a holiday , what with all the rigor of soul-collect and all , and forc anthoni hopkin into show him what it 's like to be human . 
death assum the bodi of brad pitt , and from there , much troubl ensu . 
for one thing , death-as-pitt fall in love with hopkin daughter , play by clair forlani . 
obvious thi enrag hopkin , becaus realli , what can death offer ? 
besid etern damnat , of cours . 
there is also a sub-plot about forlani 's ex-boyfriend ( she dump him for pitt ) tri to take over hopkin compani . 
`` meet joe black `` run just under three hour . 
i 've alway thought that such obscen run time should be limit to histor epic . 
`` meet joe black `` is neither histor nor is it an epic , though i get the feel martin brest ( the director ) desper want it to be . 
everi singl scene in the movi goe on about 3-4 minut too long . 
and the end take about 20 minut longer than it realli should . 
a sever edit job could have made thi movi excel , instead of just good , which is what it is . 
pitt , an actor i normal loath , is actual quit engag as death . 
i believ hi perform , and i could see whi forlani 's charact would fall in love with him . 
i have to agre with roger ebert , though , who found it hard to believ that an entiti that 's been around for all time would n't know what peanut butter wa . 
that ha noth to do with pitt 's perform , of cours , but it is a littl distract . 
hopkin give hi usual excel perform . 
he 's abl to portray the angst of a man who know he ha veri littl time left , without make him an obnoxi whiner . 
and in her first major studio role , clair forlani is surprisingli good . 
she ha a sweet tender that allow the audienc to instantli root for her . 
so , `` meet joe black `` is a good movi hamper by it 's ridicul run time . 
had the film been cut by an hour or so , i have no doubt that i would be call it one of the best movi of the year in thi review . 
