for mani peopl , procrastin is n't a problem to overcom , it 's a high art . 
we 'll do just about anyth to put off a task . 
when the deadlin for thi column near , it 's the onli time dure the week dish get wash and the bed made and laundri done and plant water and . . . 
eventu , hope , sometim , there 's a breakthrough and we actual get down to work . 
amazingli it 's almost alway easier than we dread and after finish , that sens of oppress apprehens melt away . 
and then , the next time , we do it all again . 
english professor gradi tripp ( michael dougla ) is a master . 
seven year ago , hi first book wa a hit . 
he 's been work on hi second -- a short 200-page piec -- sinc then . 
fear that he ca n't live up to the first , he ca n't bring himself to finish it . 
no writer 's block , he 's near 3 , 000 page with no end in sight . 
now he 's have a particularli difficult day . 
the colleg 's annual writer confer is bring in accomplish novelist remind tripp that other peopl are finish _their_ book . 
dure the first day , hi wife ha left him , hi marri girlfriend inform him she 's pregnant and hi agent is in town with a six-foot transvestit in tow . 
by the even , our besieg writer is drive though the snow-cov street of pittsburgh with a suicid student besid him , a stolen jacket that marilyn monro wore on her wed day in the back seat and a murder blind dog stuf in the trunk . 
thi could be a pivot point in hi mid-lif crisi . 
and then there 's the next morn . 
there 's a lot to like about thi movi . 
there are no huge explos , shatter glass or computer-gener dinosaur to distract from the veri real human issu . 
gradi is caught up in the curs of peopl who accomplish great thing earli in their career . 
in the world of `` what have you done for me late ? `` , he know hi second book ha to be better than hi first . 
instead of find out , he drift , comfort in the insular cocoon of academ peter panhood . 
he doe n't have much of a life and neither doe hi star pupil jame leer ( tobey maguir ) . 
jame may be suicid and psychot . 
certainli everyth that come out of hi mouth is a lie . 
he make up a past of work clash anguish becaus the truth of wealth and comfort just is n't interest enough . 
as the weekend progress , they are both forc to fulli engag life . 
that 's the question they must face : comfort or real experi ? 
the film take some interest chanc . 
non-tradit relationship are present as matter-of-fact . 
extra-marit , gay , interraci , professor-stud : here they are n't judg , mere choic . 
the actor are all first-rat . 
dougla triumph , play against type as he spend most of hi time dishevel , unshaven and clad in a pink women 's hous robe . 
maguir 's disengag alien work perfectli here . 
robert downey jr . as gradi 's agent liven up hi scene . 
director curti hanson ( `` l . a . 
confidenti `` ) make a few misstep . 
the women are underus . 
franc mcdormand doe a good job of her limit role of sara , gradi 's marri lover but we never understand much of who she is . 
the chemistri between the two of them is non-exist which make some of the end unconvinc . 
kati holm is a student with a major crush on the professor , but her charact goe nowher . 
we never even see gradi 's exit wife . 
thi is veri much a guy 's film . 
the vari relationship between the men are much more convinc than ani of the other . 
gradi 's altern mentor and reject of jame is the centerpoint of the film , not him and sara . 
as the boomer age , expect to see more mid-lif crisi film to catch the attent of that demograph . 
eventu it 'll probabl becom clich , but right now we 've got a winner . 
i 'll finish thi in a second . 
right now i have to grab some paint . 
i notic some trim in the other room that need a littl touch-up . 
( michael redman ha written thi column for so long that he 's made mid-lif crisi a career choic . ) 
