call it touch by a demon . 
gregori hoblit 's fallen is a serial killer movi with an unusu , horrif twist . 
if market properli , thi film could have crossov appeal for both those who appreci supernatur tale like the prophesi and those who crave grim , dark thriller like silenc of the lamb and seven . 
in fact , there 's even a littl twin peak to be found here , albeit with the lion 's share of the weird distil out . 
( rememb bob ? ) 
the biggest fail of fallen is that , although it 's consist interest , it 's not alway as edgi and suspens as one might hope . 
a serial killer ( elia kotea ) ha been on the loos in philadephia , but detect john hobb ( denzel washington ) , the noblest man on the polic forc , ha brought him to justic . 
now , dure hi last hour on death row await hi inevit date with the ga chamber , the mass murder cryptic tell hobb , `` what goe around realli goe around . `` 
shortli thereaft , he begin to sing `` time is on my side `` as he 's taken on hi last walk . 
minut later , the state of pennsylvania ha carri out the execut and edgar rees is dead . 
but for hobb , the nightmar is just begin , becaus rees wa n't a normal psychopath ? he wa the host bodi for a mythic dark angel name azazel . 
and , with rees 's death , azazel is free to hop from bodi to bodi , murder and wreak havoc at will . 
onli hobb and a pretti , femal theolog teacher ( embeth davidtz ) have an inkl of what they 're up against . 
the rest of the cop , includ hobb ' partner , jonesi ( john goodman ) ; lou ( jame gandolfini ) , a newcom to the depart ; and lieuten stanton ( donald sutherland ) , do n't have a clue , and , as a result , they are in mortal danger . 
as depict by hoblit ( primal fear ) and cinematograph newton thoma sigel , philadelphia is a dark , dreari place ? a gothic citi rather than a modern one . 
no skyscrap or other monolith of current architectur or technolog are shown . 
the most famou landmark to appear is n't the liberti bell or independ hall ; it 's geno 's steak . 
shadow and night scene abound . 
the day are cloudi and unpromis . 
thi is the kind of set where it 's easi to believ that fallen angel walk among men . 
fallen 's plot is brim with potenti , not all of which is realiz . 
somehow , i would have expect a more frighten tale to emerg from someth with thi kind of premis . 
but the level of terror , like that of gore , is kept in check . 
nevertheless , there are sever creepili effect scene as the spirit of azazel move from bodi to bodi when peopl bump against each other on crowd citi sidewalk . 
the film also boast a chase sequenc of a kind that can best be describ as unusu . 
of the sever dozen actor to play azazel , the best is by far elia kotea ( exotica , crash ) , who , despit onli be on screen for about ten minut , give a fantast charg perform . 
john goodman also seem to be enjoy himself , although hi role for most of the film is releg to that of a burli sidekick . 
sadli , howev , these two are the onli one who excel . 
everyon els , includ denzel washington , is bore . 
washington 's flat perform is the most disappoint surpris of the film . 
it 's not that he 's bad per se , but he 's not veri interest . 
there 's no real sens of vulner or desper in the way he portray hi charact , and that keep us distanc , howev slightli , from hobb . 
as circumst becom progress more dire for the cop , and as hi life-or-death chess game with azazel approach the point of checkmat , i expect to be more on the edg of my seat than i wa . 
washington 's subdu approach is part of the reason for thi ; i never felt a sens of urgenc . 
howev , at least washington wa believ , which is more than can be said for embeth davidtz ( schindler 's list ) and donald sutherland . 
to be fair , the flaw in their charact are n't all acting-rel ; neither stanton nor gretta milano are well-written . 
that said , howev , there 's noth inspir about either davidtz 's or sutherland 's work . 
both appear to be sleepwalk their way through the part , as if they know that their contribut to the film is one of advanc the plot rather than develop a multi-dimension individu . 
narr , fallen ha a few glare weak . 
although the plot proce with a convolut , game-lik structur , it use a denzel washington-suppli voiceov to overexplain matter . 
at time , thi is actual help , and it ha a use beyond the obviou , but there are occas when ponder line like `` i like the night ? sometim you come face to face with yourself `` becom a littl hard to swallow . 
in addit , fallen is saddl with the same kind of disgustingli bland , gener theolog embrac by numer movi and tv show like touch by an angel . 
howev , despit the neg , i 'm still recommend fallen on the strength of it complex plot and especi it end , which i love . 
the final scene are startl , audaci , and unexpect . 
it 's not often that a plot develop take me by surpris the way thi one did . 
at a time when most movi fall apart in the last ten minut , fallen manag to buck the trend and redeem itself . 
thi is not a great motion pictur , but , consid how bad most januari releas are , it 's a reason entertain way to spend two hour . 
and , whatev you do , do n't walk out on the film befor the end credit have begun to roll . 
