not sinc oliv stone 's natur born killer ha there been a movi thi incendiari , and not sinc david cronenberg ha a so-cal mainstream director been thi will to repeatedli tipto the fine line between point social commentari and outright social irrespons . 
while fincher 's film have never suffer from a lack of shock valu ( hi major charact kill in both alien 3 and seven are fine exampl ) , fight club mark the distil of hi pitch-black comed sensibl ( see 1997 's the game ) into someth like a definit statement . 
jack ( norton , act as both narrat and protagonist ) is your typic cubicl clone , whose disillusion is amplifi by a seemingli incur insomnia . 
on the offhand advic of a doctor , he sit in on group-therapi session for everyth from blood parasit to testicular cancer . 
here he meet bob ( marvin lee aday , aka meat loaf ) , a cancer-emascul eunuch with profound gynecomastia . 
strang , the releas he find while sob on bob 's breast allow him to sleep at night , at least until a fellow group-therapi `` tourist `` name marla singer ( carter ) come along to ruin thing for him , forc a grudg compromis that recal monti python in it dark hilar . 
later , he meet tyler durden ( pitt ) , a soap salesman with a decidedli subvers outlook on life . 
one night , after hi ikea- furnish condo explod ( do n't ask -- you 'll just have to see the movi , awright ? ) , he is goad by tyler into a fight , and damn if it doe n't feel good . 
it is pure , raw exist , a brief moment of clariti and purpos that make hi dreari workaday life pale in comparison . 
he move into tyler 's squalid abandon mansion , and they form the titular organ , an underground therapi group where men bond with bare-knuckl savageri and veri few rule , the first two of which are `` do n't talk about fight club . `` 
arm with charisma and an attract anti-corpor philosophi , tyler assum leadership of the burgeon membership of white-collar slave and dead-end mcemploye . 
resent creep into jack 's heart , made wors by the fact that tyler is also regularli and noisili bof the hate marla . 
fund by a frivol lawsuit , tyler begin mold hi devote into an armi dedic to mischief and mayhem . 
their initi juvenil prank ( like piss in food and put spike belt on road ) quickli evolv into someth more like sedit , and jack fear that thing have gone sour . 
it is after thi point , when you are plenti uncomfort and wonder just how far fincher will go to say someth origin , that the film uncork a disappoint plot twist . 
it is so contriv -- and so convent compar to what preced it -- that everyth which follow ( includ the end ) becom far less interest . 
it 's a major ( though not fatal ) flaw , and for a director as notori unpredict as fincher , it feel like a cop-out . 
fight club is go to be misconstru by a great mani peopl . 
in the earli go , it ha a downright danger feel ; it seem to be say that violenc and civil disobedi are good for the soul , and thi is undoubtedli the messag that a few moron punk are go to take from it . 
i 'll be mightili surpris if imit fight club do n't spring up here and there , and i 'll be even more amaz if fincher is n't vilifi for it by the same humorless witch-hunt that are current after oliv stone . 
they need n't bother , becaus fight club is less a messag movi than fincher 's elabor attempt at a joke . 
tyler durden , for all hi dionysian allur , is realli noth more than the logic ( and far less hypocrit ) extrapol of all those self-help guru who constantli show up on oprah to preach their me-first gospel of self-actu . 
in thi context , the joke work , but like the latest columbin joke , some peopl will get it and enjoy a good laugh , and other wo n't . 
hope , though , their silli moral outrag wo n't spoil the joke for the rest of us . 
