as ani sociologist will attest , your childhood and the type of parent that you have will heavili influenc your happi as an adult . 
parent that are support and environ that are nurtur will yield children who will embrac the valu and norm that can allow them to live healthi and product live . 
but if your upbring is mar with violenc , hate and dysfunction , then your journey toward a happi adulthood will be saddl with psycholog obstacl almost too great to overcom . 
` afflict ' explor how a man never truli escap the grip of an unforgivingli nightmarish childhood . 
the man in question is wade whitehous ( nick nolt ) . 
here is a man who is like ani other citizen on the surfac . 
he is a product member of the commun and goe about hi daili routin much like you and me . 
but as you scratch beneath the surfac , someth scari and evil begin to rear it ugli head . 
we see that he is a mean-temp person . 
he ha a hard time take control of hi emot , which usual get the better of him . 
he is quick to apolog for hi action and want to be a gentl person , but someth is spark a tendenc toward violenc . 
he also ha tremend problem with relationship . 
he is divorc and hi onli connect to love is hi daughter . 
but hi bearish persona and statur alien her . 
he is visibl shaken by her reject even though she say that she love him . 
hi demeanor also put hi relationship with a local townsgirl ( sissi spacek ) at risk . 
she tri to remain true to him and support , but for women unlucki enough to attach themselv to thi kind of person , relationship will ultim end like sentenc end with an exclam point . 
final , he is spite and vindict . 
as a reject father , he initi a custodi battl that seem hopeless . 
as the town 's onli polic offic , he issu a speed ticket to a man whose father ha just die . 
we can see that thi is a man that is both afflict and live with pain . 
he is a prison and a slave to it . 
he is move toward a level of mad and insan that defi comprehens . 
what kind of forc can move a man to the edg of hi emot and beyond the reach of peopl who genuin care for him ? 
we learn that the answer is hi father ( jame coburn ) . 
thi is the kind of father that everi son would be asham to have and that ani woman would be afraid to meet . 
he is an overbearingli misogynist and frequent drunk who rule with an iron fist . 
we see hi tyrann behavior through flashback . 
to heighten the father 's churlish , the flashback are shown as home video footag taken by a veri frighten person . 
veri effect . 
today , wade 's dad is quit elderli , but still manag to instil fear into a grown man . 
the influenc that the father possess is inescap , and it unsavori effect clamp down hard on the tortur wade . 
the result is everi son 's nightmar ? becom like the father that one ha alway dread to be . 
thi is a terrif present piec of psycholog drama , and nolt turn in a strong perform as a man whose pain seem to becom a detriment as well as a necess . 
he 's a hulk person who is still reduc to whimper when in the presenc of hi father . 
coburn display heft as the bitter dad . 
but , it 's most certainli not saturday-night-friendli fare . 
there 's noth light or fluffi about thi film . 
that may turn mani moviego away . 
but it 's certainli worth note that thi is a well-act drama showcas nolt 's and coburn 's raw act talent . 
