is evil dead ii a bad movi ? 
it 's full of terribl act , pointless violenc , and plot hole yet it remain a cult classic nearli fifteen year after it releas . 
explain whi thi movi stand out from other with similar plot ( includ the origin evil dead ) is extrem difficult . 
` well what 's it about ? ' 
` five peopl strand in a log cabin in the middl of nowher struggl to surviv viciou attack from a varieti of ugli , hairi , wart cover monster . ' 
` come on i saw a movi just like that on monster vision last week . 
whi should i see it again ? ' 
` no evil dead ii is differ , it 's funni . ' 
` it 's funni to see peopl die ? 
are you sick or someth ? ' 
mayb i am and mayb director sam raimi is as well to creat such an enigma of a movi . 
hi uniqu execut is as sarcast as subtl , as disturb as it is hilari . 
an exampl of raimi 's odd approach : a monster ( formerli protagonist ash 's girlfriend of all peopl ) is cut in half by a chainsaw and a tidal wave of blood come from the open wound . 
sure it 's over-the-top , but it is so over-the-top that it is laugh out loud funni ; just tri watch ash with a straight face as he unexpectedli is shower with ten gallon of blood , stain hi face and knock him back a few feet . 
the whole movi is like thi , watch ash get beat up , watch ash defeat the monster , watch ash get beat up again by anoth even zanier monster . 
the more repetit and unrealist the movi get , the more amus it becom . 
no matter how sick it may sound , it is funni to watch bruce ampbel 's ash get hi butt kick everi five minut . 
and raimi take advantag , he ha ash torment by the head of hi girlfriend , by the bodi of an old ladi , even by hi own right hand . 
like the less superior idl hand , we watch ash uncontrol hit himself over and over again until he is forc to cut off hi own bodi part . 
but it doe n't end , ash now ha to fight hi sever hand which now move with the same celer as thing from the addam famili . 
all of these event , thrown at you from minut one with roller coaster- like camera movement , at first becom shock , then inexplic funni . 
raimi expect the audienc to laugh and as the film progress , he seem to be enjoy himself even more by borrow the classic mirror scene from the marx brother ' duck soup , then bring more charact into the pictur to comic kill them off . 
with a run time of less than an hour and a half , raimi get away with the imposs , make a horror film with more gore than plot and intent more laugh than scare . 
end evil dead ii with an open for the third film in the seri , raimi obvious had a lot of fun make thi movi and could n't wait to make it 's sequel . 
