i think that ani compet member of the human race who 's ever seen a movi -- ani movi -- could probabl predict just about everi turn in the wed singer . 
even though i tri veri hard to not predict film as i 'm watch them ( especi not romant comedi ) , the plot of thi particular film just advanc befor me second , and sometim minut , befor i actual saw it happen on screen . 
but i do n't care . 
not even a littl . 
my reason for thi are simpl : 1 ) adam sandler is great . 
2 ) drew barrymor is great . 
3 ) the movi is so funni . 
there are part that left me gasp for air becaus i wa laugh so hard . 
i have n't laugh thi hard in a movi sinc austin power . 
sandler play robbi hart , a wed singer who onc had dream of be in a rock band and write hi own music . 
in the open scene , he seem like a happy-go-lucki wed singer , at least partial enjoy hi profess and do a rather good job of talk down a realli drunk individu ( steve buscemi ) who decid that hi brother 's wed is a good place to tell the whole world that hi life , up to that point , wa utter pointless . 
a week later , at hi own wed , he is left stand at the altar by hi ex-fianc ? e , linda ( angela featherston ) . 
with hi life in complet disarray , he meet julia ( barrymor ) , a waitress . 
she is engag to glenn ( matthew glave ) , and is to marri him in about three month . 
julia and robbi becom good friend when she enlist him to help with the wed plan . 
soon ( and predict ) it becom pretti clear that glenn is a jerk , and that robbi and julia realli love each other . 
oh sure , it 's trite . 
and if anyon make thi film expect us to , like , feel suspens or someth while watch the wed singer , then they truli underestim their audienc . 
what make the stori bearabl , asid from the terrif costum and 80 music , are the perform . 
barrymor is simpli ador here ( i 've never seen her look so close to the way she did in et ) . 
not onli is she pleasant to look at , but her act job here realli is a good one -- and it doe n't hurt that the charact is likabl and adequ well-written . 
and the jerk , play in full-forc by grave , is just as despic as ani villain in ani romant comedi i 've ever seen . 
natur , the true star here is sandler . 
i think the guy is flat-out hilari . 
he can say someth that just is n't funni , and hi deliveri make me laugh . 
hi comed perform here equal that of happi gilmor , but in thi film he goe much further and prove to me that he can , inde , hold hi own as a lead man in a romant comedi . 
wherea hi role in hi previou film kind of had sandler play sandler , the wed singer give him a charact that , for the first time , he actual ha to fit into . 
as far as i 'm concern he succeed , and thi film is testimoni that he doe , in fact , have some rang in hi talent . 
and the movi is just so funni . 
perhap the best moment is when he sing a song for julia that he claim is a littl uneven becaus he began write it while in a good mood and finish it after hi fianc ? e abandon him . 
thi is the part that liter had me grope for a breath of air . 
and while the film , like all romant comedi , take a hiatu from laugh toward the end becaus the plot ha to finish up , there are more than enough truli hilari moment in the first hour that make up for ani slump in progress dure the second half . 
my formal complaint for the wed singer are n't veri import . 
the film is predic , but who care ? 
the charact are extrem likabl , the movi is ridicul funni , and the experi is simpli enjoy . 
in addit to thi , i ca n't imagin anyon see the preview and not want to see the film . 
in that order , i conclud that it is pointless for me to even have written thi review . 
i just want everyon to know that i laugh . 
a lot . 
