base on the bori karloff 's classic by the same name , the mummi start off with the high-priest of osiri , imhotep , who murder the pharoah for hi mistress and is punish by be mummifi in the most horrifi way possibl -- bandag up , have hi tongu remov , and be cover in flesh-eat scarab beetl , then entomb . . . all while still aliv . 
recap a few thousand year later , where a soldier name rick ( play by brandan fraser ) aid a young historian name evelyn ( play by rachel wiesz ) and her brother , jonathan ( play by john hannah ) in find the book of amon ra , in the process inadvert free the mummi . 
problem is that the mummi want to reviv hi mistress , use evelyn as a sacrific . . . 
walk in with rel low expect , i thought thi movi wa actual pretti good . 
the visual and cgi are astound , and obvious not cheapli done at all . 
they pack a ton of detail into the imag , especi dure scene involv mummi render complet by cgi . 
the comput special effect make for some brilliant scene , such as unnerv moment involv flesh-eat scarab beetl and moment where the mummi goe after the peopl who freed him ( after all , those who took hi artifact are curs ) . 
unfortun , the film attempt to be way too much in such a short span of time , becom a tug of war for control between genr . 
on one hand , it is a fast pace action film . 
on the other , it 's a frighten horror film . 
and on the side , it 's a hilari comedi . 
ideal , for it to be success , the film would have to focu on one the more action orient aspect , with one charact serv as the comic relief ( that would be johnson ) . 
the problem with thi film is that it ha at least three charact serv as comic relief , with rick occasion deliv hi witti one-lin . 
if they were tri to make a horror-action-comedi , it would have help if it were establish earli on in the film , but unfortun , with the backstori of imhotep 's entomb , that would be imposs . 
and then there 's the slapstick fight scene between a sword-wield rick and an armi of mummi . 
while realli well done , it had the feel of slapstick comedi . 
replac the sword with a chainsaw and you 'd effect have ash fight zombi in armi of dark . 
while entertain and funni , it feel realli out of place . 
but at least it 's a break from the naiv hero that brendan fraser ha been play a lot of . 
on the whole , the movi is pure popcorn fare from begin to end , entertain the audienc . 
but i must end my review with a plea to movi theatr owner . . . turn 
the sound down ! 
while a lot of theatr have good sound system , my ear were almost ring as i walk out of the theatr ( the sound is particularli irrit and will make you crap your pant if you 're not care ) . 
when they were show the trailer for the upcom schwarzenegg film , `` end of day `` , it wa so loud i could n't make anyth out . 
