`` the fugit `` is probabl one of the greatest thriller ever made . 
it take realist , believ charact and tell an excit stori that 's total believ throughout . 
thi is n't an over-the-top action flick for the sake of action , thi is an intellig adventur stori with a real sens of mysteri to it and it work perfectli . 
harrison ford star as dr . richard kimbl , a man who is wrongli accus and convict of murder hi wife . 
the entir premis of the stori revolv around thi murder , but is not told in a straightforward manner . 
we constantli see flashback to the murder from kimbl 's perspect . 
hint are drop from variou time of the night kimbl 's wife , helen ( sela ward ) wa murder . 
we do n't get to see who the killer is until much further into the stori . 
in fact , we might even have a littl doubt about kimbl 's innoc ourselv . 
the film doe n't spend much time on the detail of kimbl 's trial and convict as it is not the point of the stori . 
one of the greatest action scene ensu as we get a botch escap attempt by hi fellow inmat which lead to a fantast train wreck . 
but it doe not at all seem gratuit or formul , it is actual suspens to watch . 
thi movi is so incred becaus it 's abl to take element like these and make them wholli origin and believ . 
tommi lee jone almost steal the show as deputi sam gerard , a u . s . marshal who is an expert in hunt fugit . 
from the moment he appear we know a huge game of cat and mous is about to occur . 
kimbl and gerard are equal match as there is no way to tell how one is go to outsmart the other . 
most of the film deal with richard 's complex investig as he tri to find the one-arm man who kill hi wife . 
ford doe not have a lot of line here , so it is stuart and twohi 's script and davi 's outstand direct that make the film as great as it is . 
just watch richard use hi keen intellig and wit , disguis himself , and do hi own detect work is veri interest . 
we know just as littl as he doe as to whi hi wife wa kill , so as he learn more so do we . 
meanwhil gerard and hi staff are use all their skill to hunt him down . 
at one point they run into each other and a great chase ensu , but richard is just too smart for them . 
he leav clue for gerard to show hi innoc and to help him solv the mysteri . 
one of the greatest charm to the film is it sens of humor . 
there is a great sens of comradeship between gerard and hi two closest deputi cosmo renfo ( pantoliano ) and bigg ( roebuck ) . 
they are tri to catch what they believ to be a danger murder , yet they constantli start up small talk with each other , make funni wisecrack and one-lin , but not in ani kind of distract manner . 
the final act conclud with anoth terrif chase . 
richard figur out who the killer is and confront him , and although we get a typic fight scene , the case is far from solv . 
the man who order the murder ha been under our nose all along , and we do n't realiz thi until the end when both richard and gerard put the piec togeth . 
mayb the final scene is a bit much , but it still ha a believ atmospher to it . 
we 're so reliev when justic is serv . 
it 's not the plot is that make `` the fugit `` great , it 's all the motion the charact go through to make for an intrigu stori . 
watch a seemingli averag man go through as much as thi is what make the movi so adventur . 
if onli hollywood could produc more movi like thi . 
( 10/31/96 ) ( 1/29/97 ) ( 6/13/97 ) [ see also : `` nick of time `` ] 
