the sheer horrif audac of the nazi plan to extermin the jew of europ is almost incomprehens . 
peopl may make documentari about it for anoth hundr year and still not understand the organ , method hatr . 
five concentr camp survivor from the last day of world war ii tell their stori in the last day , the first documentari from steven spielberg 's survivor of the shoah visual histori foundat . 
the five interviewe are link by their hungarian ancestri . 
as the introduct explain , even as germani start to lose the war , the nazi step up their extermin of the jew in europ . 
in 1944 , hungari had the last big popul of jew within germani 's reach , and they becam the last target of hitler 's `` final solut . `` 
each of the five tell hi or her stori . 
their stori are intercut chronolog , start from normal life in pre-war hungari . 
they recal the nazi invas of hungari , be sent to `` work `` camp and their realiz that they were actual in death camp . 
they recal their horribl , precari live in auschwitz and buchenwald ; the death of their famili and friend ; their loss of hope . 
each recal hi or her unfathom , eventu liber . 
and final , the last day show their cathart , pain , modern-day return to their old home and the camp . 
needless to say , their stori are horrifi , amaz , and emot drain . 
by themselv , the stori would be forc testament , but by cut them in parallel , their impact is multipli by five . 
the last day is a talking-head style documentari -- it 's mostli pictur of peopl tell their stori , intercut with period photograph and newsreel footag . 
in thi kind of movi it 's almost imposs to get archiv pictur from the same time and place be discuss on-screen , but director jame moll made a better effort than most at find specif , or at least relev , imag to go with hi subject ' narrat . 
the liner note ( one of the mani nice featur of thi dvd ) indic that there is some never-before-seen histor footag in the last day . 
it 's not clear which scene it is . 
it could be one of two that i had n't seen befor , both power . 
one is rare color footag , shot by an american , of pile of victim in cattl car . 
there is someth jar , someth unsettl about see the pictur in color , when so much of the footag from world war ii is in black and white . 
anoth segment show walk skeleton ; survivor who are so starv that they hardli look human anymor . 
there ha been a glut of holocaust movi and i wa skeptic that a new documentari would have anyth new to say . 
but by focus on hungarian jew dure the last day of the war , moll told a specif part of the stori in a new way , in greater detail . 
and i 'm glad he did becaus hi care filmmak stand up well compar to other movi on the same subject . 
the transfer to dvd is rich and beauti . 
x-mozilla-statu : 0009f word for a holocaust documentari , but some of the interview take place in europ in late spring , when sky are blue and tree are green . 
also , the movi wa shot on 35mm film ( and not video ! ) , 
so the rich and detail are impecc . 
the dvd 's featur are plenti and well-chosen . 
there is a theatric trailer for the movi , which is a great introduct to the subject matter . 
there are about fifti still photo , both from the product crew and from the privat collect of the survivor . 
also , the disc ha two complet version of the movi ( widescreen and full screen ) , both on the same side . 
one of the more interest dvd featur is an outtak segment for each of the survivor ( plu one for the crew ) . 
you 'd think outtak would be inappropri in a holocaust documentari , but they 're not blooper . 
instead , they are solid , move segment that were probabl cut from the film onli for length . 
one of them continu a confront that wa onli touch on lightli in the film . 
rene fireston ( one of the five ) spoke on camera with dr . han m ? nch , a german doctor who ran the medic clinic at auschwitz . 
fireston wa aggress , question the doctor about what hi children thought . 
the doctor wa evas and clearli uncomfort . 
anoth of the outtak show bill basch say a prayer for hi dead friend at auschwitz . 
he end hi prayer by say `` . . . forgiv me for surviv . `` 
it 's ambiti to shoot a documentari on 35mm film . 
it 's ambiti to make it on a subject that ha satur cabl , televis , and movi . 
it 's ambiti to make it 54 year after the event it cover . 
but the last day handl all these potenti obstacl veri well . 
it 's onli fit that the dvd , with it wealth of interest and relev featur , would also be ambiti and success . 
