capsul : a short punchi action sequel to the two dinosaur film made by steven spielberg . 
joe johnston direct a straightforward stori of an excurs back to the island of the dinosaur . 
it let us see some new dinosaur ( is that an oxymoron ? ) and give us a nice and gener reason written adventur . 
the film is neither ambiti nor pretenti . 
i had a good time . 
, low +2 ( -4 to +4 ) 
here goe my credibl . 
thi is a film on which i expect to be in a minor . 
i like the third jurass park film . 
i even like the second jurass park film . 
in a lot of way jurass park : the lost world wa a creativ three-way braid togeth of michael crichton 's novel the lost world , arthur conan doyl 's novel the lost world , and the classic silent film version of the doyl . 
jp2 wa an adventur , as doyl said , `` for the boy who 's half man or the man who 's half boy . `` 
that is what all the jurass park film are . 
expect them to give the viewer insight into the human condit is like expect your car to vacuum your hous . 
the classic adventur film like gunga din or king solomon 's mine had under-written charact also . 
jurass park iii is an all out adventur on an island inhabit by dinosaur . 
the charact are a littl more complex than they at first appear to be , and even that is a littl more complex than i wa expect . 
some of the charact who start out look stupid and useless prove to be neither as the film proce . 
that degre of complex combin with those veri realist look dinosaur effect is just about as much as i requir . 
i feel i got my money 's worth . 
the stori open with eric ( play by trevor morgan ) and friend parasail near the forbidden island of isla sorna off costa rica . 
thi wa the research island where the dinosaur were creat for the now defunct jurass park . 
they hope , no doubt , to get a look at the island 's dinosaur from a safe height . 
the height is safe , but drive the boat in the water is not . 
the two soon find themselv in troubl and have to ditch their parasail onto the island where they do inde get a better look at the dinosaur than they had intend . 
flash to the unit state and someon is offer to fund paleontologist alan grant ( sam neill ) in hi research if he will go and fli over isla sorna and act as a guid . 
he ha said that no forc on earth or heaven could get him back near real dinosaur . 
but again money convinc him to drop what he is do and go . 
do the convinc is a wealthi and eccentr coupl ( william h . maci and tea leoni ) who ha been just about everywher els in the world and want the adventur of see real dinosaur . 
they too plan to see the island from a safe height grant is reliev to learn . 
he will fli over thi island at a safe altitud just thi onc . 
right . 
guess what happen next ? 
jp3 probabl function better as a sequel than jp2 . 
first it ha alan grant and elli sattler ( laura dern ) back rather than the much less appeal ian malcolm . 
sattler ha a much smaller part in jp3 , but is still present to tie thi stori to the first . 
curious each film seem to arrang to have a signatur scene with charact hold on to some larg metal object that is about to fall some great distanc . 
one thing that doe not quit fit with the earlier film is just as grant discov that raptor may be abl to talk to each other , suddenli they seem to be do it all the time . 
they did not appear to be convers in the previou film . 
of cours , these raptor look a littl differ also , so perhap they are a differ relat speci . 
not onli are they more intellig than in the past film , they are also more sympathet . 
in thi stori they are not just kill machin , they have reason motiv for what they do beyond nutrit . 
thi time around they may be a littl too anthropomorph . 
each new film in the seri introduc us to some new dinosaur , of cours . 
in thi film a major threat is from a spinosauru , not as common or as popularli known as a tyrannosauru , but larger and presum more nasti . 
it ha a crocodil 's head and the bodi that look like a dimetrodon walk upright . 
perhap as an economi measur or just to creat a mood the visual effect team frequent obscur our view of the dinosaur . 
sometim they just move too fast to see . 
occasion dark or fog obscur our vision . 
a few time we get unconvinc matt shot , particularli of the laboratori . 
but there is less money on the screen in term of dinosaur effect than in the two previou film . 
the music score by don davi borrow heavili from john william 's score for the first film . 
joe johnston , who direct , alreadi ha to hi credit two veri good film i recommend the rocket and octob sky . 
a team includ alexand payn and jim taylor known for elect write the screenplay . 
the film they have made is a long way from great cinema , but it still is fun . 
if you get a thrill from see what look veri much like live dinosaur aliv today , the film is for you . 
i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
