urban legend surpris me . 
base on the last few film the genr ha produc ( includ but not exclus to the like of i know what you did last summer , disturb behavior and the disappoint halloween : h20 ) , i wa posit that i wa in store for anoth mildli entertain but silli and ultim bore rehash of the scream phenomena . 
thank , legend rose abov it 's soggi premis to becom not onli a hip , scari and stylish entertain , but also what will probabl becom one of the best film of the year . 
you 're all familiar with the plot ; a bunch of overli horni teenag get systemat slaughter by a mask maniac who 's ident is not reveal until the close moment of the film when it turn out to be , you guess it ; everybodi 's favorit veteran of the whodunit flick . . . the 
onli person you did n't suspect ! 
howev , just becaus legend doe n't realli break ani new ground as far as literari or even technic achiev go doe not mean that it ca n't qualifi as first-class entertain . 
it wa , believ it or not , one of the funnest time i 've had at the movi all year . 
the thing is , i 'm not realli sure what made thi particular stab ( pardon the pun ) at the genr seem so fresh and aliv . 
mayb it wa the above-par perform by the movi 's two lead ( jare leto and `` cybil `` actress alicia witt ) . 
or , it could have been the on- target direct by jami blank . 
more like , though , it wa becaus of the inspir premis . 
i do n't think i need to tell you that a killer hack peopl up ala urban folklor is much more frighten than a killer fisherman . 
urban legend begin with a sequenc that remind me of the classic scream open , not so much in plot as in attent to detail that make for an absolut chill teaser for the rest of the film . 
a pretti young co is drive down a desert road when ( gasp ! ) a ga problem ( hee-he ) forc her to stop at an equal desert ga station for a refil . 
one problem , though . 
would you want to stop at a station run by brad dourif ? 
i thought not . 
predict , the attend end up coax her into the main build to sort out a problem with the credit card compani . 
it 's odd , though , when you pick up a phone to realiz that nobodi 's on the other line . 
natur , the potenti victim escap into her car and drive off . 
and the when we least expect it . . . whack ! ! ! 
a decapit . 
it turn out that the creepi look attend wa just tri to warn her about the maniac in the back seat of the car . 
so who is it thi time ? 
the obviou candid is the slightli off-kilt professor at the colleg the girl went to ( none other than freddi kruger himself , robert englund ) , who teach a class on urban legend . 
a-ha . 
or could it be the fame-hungri local journalist ( leto ) look for a meati stori to put on hi resum ? 
like all movi of thi natur , one of the chief pleasur is tri to guess whodunit . 
and it turn out to be , of cours , the one you did n't suspect . 
i 'm not go to pretend urban legend is anyth more than it is , but i must give credit where credit is due . 
and thi flick definit deserv credit for be what not mani other recent horror film have been . . . fun . 
* complimentari movi ticket courtesi of valley cinema in lodi , ca 
