there 's more to a quilt than fabric and thread -- each patchwork design ha it own uniqu stori ( or stori ) to tell . 
in how to make an american quilt , the first hollywood releas from australian director jocelyn moorhous ( proof ) , we come to understand how the tale of the seven maker imbu their creation with passion and vital . 
all the sorrow , joy , long , suffer , and love of these women are sewn into their quilt and , as their bittersweet memori are given express , one young woman appli these lesson of the past to her own uncertain futur . 
motion pictur are fill with male bond ritual ; how to make an american quilt present a distinctli feminin altern . 
the `` quilt bee `` consist of seven member : sister gladi ( ann bancroft ) and hy ( ellen burstyn ) ; sophia ( loi smith ) , a woman known for frighten children ; emma ( jean simmon ) , the timid wife of a perpetu unfaith man ; constanc ( kate nelligan ) , who ha been have an affair with emma 's husband ; anna ( maya angel ) , the leader of the group ; and marianna ( alfr woodard ) , anna 's daughter . 
the project they 're busi with is the wed quilt for hy 's granddaught , finn ( winona ryder ) , who ha just becom engag . 
she 's spend the summer with hy and gladi , and away from her fianc , to decid whether a lifelong commit is realli what she want , and whether it 's better to marri a friend or a lover . 
one of the greatest pleasur of how to make an american quilt come from watch an array of fine perform by an impress ensembl cast . 
from winona ryder , ann bancroft , ellen burstyn , and maya angel to minor player like rip torn , clair dane , and kate capshaw , thi film is overflow with realiz talent . 
the perform are good enough , in fact , to cover up mani of the script 's weak . 
how to make an american quilt is basic an unremark , if affect , tale of love across the gener -- a sort of truncat american version of the joy luck club , with a dash of fri green tomato ad . 
there are probabl too mani charact . 
so , instead of realli get to know a few of them , we are present with quick glimps into a singl defin event in each of their live . 
we learn about the root of the smolder resent between gladi and hy , and are told the reason whi emma stay with her husband and sophia is so irasc . 
there are other episod as well : the love of anna 's life , marianna 's soul mate , and a look at the reason whi constanc enter into an affair with her friend 's husband . 
the sum total of these tale is meant to provid the framework for finn 's stori : whether to go forward with her marriag or dalli with a hunki stranger . 
there is no emot epiphani in how to make an american quilt . 
the stori are all well-told , but it 's difficult to realli connect with the charact -- their moment pass so quickli . 
while we certainli feel someth for each of the eight princip , our emot invest is tenuou . 
there is n't enough depth to pull the viewer in all the way , and mani of the person and relationship feel half- form , like a quilt with patch miss . 
to put it bluntli , while i enjoy watch thi film , it did n't `` do much `` for me . 
on the whole , how to make an american quilt is a nicely-underst drama that ha a lot to say about love , passion , and monogami in relationship . 
finn 's segment is by far the most compel , becaus she 's the focal point : her action are shape by everyon els 's experi . 
the other patch of thi american quilt are success onli to vari degre . 
if there 's a disappoint here , it 's that the script doe n't have more reson , but the privileg of see such a fine cast in top form allow a viewer to enjoy thi pictur even if the stori is somewhat convent . 
