while watch we anderson 's rushmor , it may be surpris to think that the role of max fischer , the film 's anti-hero , wa not written with jason schwartzman in mind . 
the young actor , make hi film debut as a 15 year old student at the exclus rushmor academi is so perfect in the role that it come as a shock that anderson audit some two thousand other prospect star befor discov schwarztman . 
schwartzman play max , a student who is more interest in hi extra-curricular activ ( such as write edgi play like `` serpico `` and be presid of the rushmor beekeep ) but see hi grade suffer as a result . 
on the brink of be thrown out , he land himself in even more hot water when he fall for first grade teacher rosemari cross ( olivia william ) and enlist the help of millionair acquaint herman blume ( the great bill murray ) to build an aquarium ( on rushmor 's basebal field ) in her honour . 
unfortun for everyon involv , blume find that he ha feel for miss cross as well , which get in the way of max 's plan to woo her . 
max is one of the best-written charact we 've yet seen in the 90 , and schwartzman play him to perfect in one of the finest comedi perform ever given by someon of hi age . 
as everyon els ha probabl alreadi point out , he is reminisc of a young dustin hoffman ( although i wa remind more of paul from `` the wonder year `` , from a visual standpoint , at least ) . 
hope , if he avoid typecast as weird , quirki loner-typ he should earn himself a good career . 
bill murray is hi equal as blume , display a depth we have n't yet seen from him . 
while thi is n't hi best perform ( that honour goe to groundhog day ) he is still terrif here . 
william is n't given much to do except react to schwartzman and murray , but still doe fine work . 
rushmor seem to go just a littl too long but , while it is n't a perfect film , it is a defin must-se for anyon who want to see that rariti , an american coming-of-ag film that actual work well without an excess amount of sentiment . 
anderson ha creat a modern classic with a star who should , with ani luck , rise to even greater success . 
