the deer hunter , direct by michael cimino , is truli one of the greatest movi ever made . 
a captiv drama about the live of a group of friend from a small russian-american pennsylvania commun , the deer hunter promis to be one of those movi that you will never forget . 
in thi academi award winner for best pictur of 1978 , outstand perform are turn in by all actor , and cimino 's brilliant direct provid the perfect vision into the charact 's live . 
the first act of the film provid us with an insid look into the live of a group of men from a small commun who work and hang out togeth . 
michael , portray perfectli by robert de niro , is shown earli on as the natur leader of the group . 
after a day work , the men leav their job at a factori to head down to the local bar , where john ( georg dzundza ) work . 
three of the men , michael , steven ( john savag ) , and nick ( christoph walken ) will be leav shortli for vietnam , but not befor steven get marri . 
after the marriag , the group , includ axel ( chuck aspegren ) , spend one last day on a hunt trip , one of their favorit past-tim . 
thi sequenc of event enabl us to view the lifestyl of a normal group of men , who will be suddenli and perman affect by the ravag and separ of war . 
the wed scene , although critic by mani as be quit long , actual enhanc even more the purpos of the first act . 
the outstand perform by de niro , walken , streep , savag , and cazal , who die veri shortli after the film of the movi wa complet , realli begin to shine through and promis not to halt in the near futur . 
the second act of the movi begin with the trio of men on the front line in vietnam , station in a south vietnames villag be attack by the viet cong . 
the men are eventu captur and held in a float prison on a river . 
thi prison , run by the v . c . , 
initi the horrifi scene in the movi , where the prison are forc to play russian roulett against each other . 
steven , who is emot mar by thi turn of event , is seclud in a tiger cage with water up to hi face when he refus to particip . 
michael show hi leadership again by convinc nick that the onli way that steven will surviv is if the two friend play against each other , and moreov , they must play with 3 bullet in the gun . 
person , i felt that de niro 's absolut grip portray realli wa display in a brilliant way in these and the follow scene . 
the men are eventu abl to escap , but are separ . 
michael is abl to get steven , who end up lose hi leg , to medic care , while nick find hi way to saigon and a u . s . armi hospit . 
michael return home and doe not feel at all like a hero . 
he want to avoid the celebr and recognit that hi friend would like to bestow upon him . 
he assum that nick is still lost in vietnam . 
the third act concentr more on walken 's charact , who eventu stumbl upon a small gambl oper where the game is , again , russian roulett . 
onli in thi game , you play for money . 
michael ha learn that nick is possibl still aliv and return to saigon to attempt to find him . 
the two narrowli find each other at the russian roulett game , but do not link up until michael discov nick particip in the game and tri to bring him home . 
a veri emot , and , for mani , a veri disturb movi , the deer hunter is a truli magnific movi that should not be miss . 
the greatest perform possibl are turn in by all actor , and cimino 's direct , which is consid to be at hi all-tim best in thi film , is equal dazzl . 
do not miss thi film , it will captiv and astound you . 
