near the end of 1996 , analyst remark that the year would be the last in which disney would stand alon as the anim king . 
the follow year , 1997 , saw the first sleeper entri into the genr from a studio other than the magic kingdom : twentieth centuri fox gave baroni russia to the mass in the form of anastasia . 
at best , that 's all it wa -- a sleeper hit , design to surpris but not shake the industri . 
in 1998 , howev , thing have been decidedli differ . 
there have been a number of push on disney 's death grip on the market , and fifty-on week into '98 , a new champion ha emerg . 
dreamwork ' the princ of egypt succe where all of the other convent anim product have fail . 
the other two contend , warner brother ' quest for camelot and disney 's own annual entri , mulan , lack inspir and drive respect . 
although camelot wa borderline-abysm , and ca n't realli be consid a shot at the titl , mulan had the make of winner . 
unfortun , it wa satur with tradit , disney-cut anim , and lost point against the rapidly-chang face of the competit . 
in make the princ of egypt , dreamwork ha stray from all of these hallmark and creat a genuin uniqu product . 
the anim is flawless , and , asid from a bug 's life , is the best-look movi to date . 
the anim have nimbl mix both flat and spatial effect , and the 2d/3d combin is someth that artist from disney and fox have heretofor struggl with . 
the key to success , howev , wa that the visual were use not just becaus they look cool but also as a method of advanc the plot . 
name , some of the most import action sequenc ( like the part of the red sea ) were done almost entir in 3d . 
dreamwork is the first studio to prove that they 've got the stuff of success , and that they 're capabl of challeng disney . 
the stori is also well-written , and the charact voic with talent . 
for the most part , the plot follow it sourc materi -- the book of exodu -- although onli in the most gener sens . 
the writer took a few creativ liberti , and most do not damag the stori in ani way . 
in fact , the shakespearean relationship between mose ( val kilmer ) and the pharaoh rames ( ralph fienn ) make the stori more interest if anyth . 
mose , a hebrew , is save from the slaughter of the firstborn son by hi mother when she set him in a basket on the nile ; he float into the pharaoh seti ( patrick stewart ) 's palac and is taken in by the royal famili . 
mose grow up but learn of hi heritag and flee into the desert , where he discov the burn bush and is commiss by god to return to egypt and free the slave . 
by thi time , rames is now pharaoh , and the two brother , now on opposit side of the line , face off in a battl of will and divin intervent . 
the cast of voic is most impress , and also includ such noteabl as sandra bullock , jeff goldblum , danni glover , and steve martin . 
the script doe not have a lot of one-lin in it , and god is reduc to a voic that might well be mistaken for the same one that spoke to kevin costner in field of dream , but overal the stori is excit and interest . 
it 's decidedli for an older crowd , and the tyke who have n't had a few year of religion class will be hopelessli lost . 
but for those who make the bid , the princ of egypt can be a great watch . 
