contact is the 1997 movi i 've seen the most - five time to be exact . 
four of those time were on the big screen , but even on a tv , it 's a veri impress film . 
the same ca n't be said for film like independ day , but that 's becaus contact is a rare exampl in sci-fi filmmak where the stori is treat more importantli than the special effect , and all of us know look back that id4 did n't offer much outsid of some one-tim delight eye candi . 
contact 's wonder present stori deal with elli arroway ( jodi foster ) , a radio astronom whose prefer of studi involv the outdat techniqu of `` mere listen `` to sound out in space . 
her interest in the field of astronomi develop at a veri young age , encourag by her love father , ted ( david mors ) , who let elli use a small ham radio to pick up on frequenc and commun with peopl as far away as pensacola , fl ( that wa , of cours , befor the day of internet chat room ) . 
while everyon els use modern technolog to aid them in the search for extra-terrestri intellig ( of which the program seti is an acronym for ) , elli prefer to pop on a pair of headphon and see what she can pick up on , keep the youth magic and intrigu strongli aliv . 
elli 's strong scientif basi essenti make her an atheist , a belief like influenc by the death of her father while she wa still quit young . 
in puerto rico , she meet palmer joss ( matthew mcconaughey ) , a writer examin the effect of technolog on the world 's overal happi ; a one- time seminari student who describ himself as `` a man of the cloth , without the cloth `` . 
despit the vast differ in opinion regard a `` suprem be `` , elli and palmer hit it off , and even take the time to sleep togeth . 
it 's a weak and hurri relationship , but director zemecki need it to add to the plot later on . 
meanwhil , dr . david drumlin ( tom skerritt ) , who ha author over seti but find the program a frivol wast of time and money , is readi to pull the plug on ani and all seti fund . 
thi leav the passion elli search for new sponsor , eventu find a setup in new mexico and leav palmer with no explan , and onli a one night stand to rememb . 
it is in thi nm citi where , sever month later , elli final pick up on a strong signal from outer space , perhap the most profound discoveri in the histori of scienc . 
when the signal is close examin , mani new develop spring up , and befor long , drumlin is step in to take over the oper he onc scof at . 
eventu , it is conclud that inform in the signal may be blueprint for a transport devic use to teleport an earthl to vega ( where the signal seem to have origin ) . 
the media swarm , fanat go further off the deep end , scientist clamor for new inform , politician huddl in discuss of appropri action to take , and presid are morph into a celluloid realiti ( rememb when zemecki could n't get enough of thi in forrest gump ? ) . 
as if that were n't enough , elli 's discoveri lead her to the nation 's capit where she again run into palmer . 
contact is base on the novel by carl sagan and deal heavili with the subject of scienc vs . religion . 
the impress thing is how well both aspect are present , with no sign of bia . 
argument for both side are intellig , solid , and thought-provok . 
when palmer join a select committe to choos an ambassador to vega ( of which elli is a lead candid ) , person convict play a more import role than love interest . 
the question is , can a person who doe n't believ in god truli be the best repres of earth when 90 % of the planet * doe * believ in a higher power ? 
even when the film wrap up , it 's uncertain whether it 's meant to play as an advoc for religion , scienc , both , or even neither , and in our modern day societi where `` right and wrong `` is onli opinion ( at least speak `` polit correctli `` ) , the ambigu is an incent . 
do n't get me wrong . 
as much as it sound like it , contact is n't mere a theolog class roll into a reel of film . 
it 's a * highli * enjoy two and a half hour . 
despit it seemingli heavi issu , it 's not a tediou undertak to watch thi film . 
the special effect are outstand , though ( warn ! ) 
highli depreci on the small screen . 
even so , some of the subtl visual effect ( that will like go unnot by mani ) are even more impress than one more recogniz as `` sci-fi `` . 
the storytel is rich and complet , and although there are moment in the film that feel quit pretenti ( and at time , even hokey ) , it 's easili one of the best 1997 film , and one of the best sci-fi film i 've ever seen . 
thi is zemecki ' best sinc back to the futur , and for those of us who actual know that forrest gump wa astronom overr , zemecki now ha real reason to boast . 
