thi christma , littl ralphi parker ( peter billingsley ) want noth more than a red ryder bb gun under the tree . 
although caution by mani that he will ? shoot hi eye out ' , ralphi remain optimist , conjur up a detail scheme to get on the good side of hi parent and teacher . 
it could be possibl that no one ha ever want anyth with more passion than ralphi want thi bb gun , and the stori of hi etern struggl is a charm one . 
` a christma stori ' is a favorit among mani dure the holiday season , and boy , it is certainli easi to see whi . 
ralphi 's endless desir for the bb gun may transport you back to your childhood , when you were crave a certain gift for christma and the anxieti wa almost indescrib . 
evok pleasant childhood memori is onli one of the mani thing ` a christma stori ' doe so well . 
here are a few featur that make thi film such a charm littl packag for everybodi dure the holiday season : 
1 ) period detail . 
thi film is base on the memoir of late humorist jean shepard , who share hi experi as a young boy live in the 1940 's with love detail . 
shepard narrat from a first person point-of-view , divulg hi variou adventur one snowi decemb , in which vision of take aim with hi new bb gun replac that of sugarplum danc in hi head . 
shepard 's first-hand commentari of sever situat is not onli downright hilari , but also witti and warm , with variou metaphor mean that ring perfectli with the essenc of comic time . 
on top of that , young billingsley 's stupefi reaction to each predica is absolut perfect in contrast with the narrat . 
director bob clark captur the look and feel of the era with wonder technic . 
i can hardli imagin a more accur depict of what christma for young ralphi must have been like . 
2 ) mom and dad . 
both melinda dillon ( as mom ) and darren mcgavin ( as ? the old man ' ) are perfect in their role . 
it 's hard to fathom a more agreeabl pair for the requir of a stori like thi one , with each possess at least one memor trait that instantli separ them from the wooden caricatur that could have been featur . 
for instanc , he is a bloodthirsti turkey hound , and she is forgiv and understand when it come to some seriou issu . 
in portray the writer as a persist but mild-mann young lad , peter billingsley ha struck quit the chord . 
hi perform is richli textur , make all of the humor situat he stumbl into radiat with flavor and enjoy . 
which bring us to . . . . 
3 ) the comic situat . 
there are plenti of memor moment in ` a christma stori ' . 
moment that undoubtedli will improv in comic potenc upon each new view , with so much more to explor and to cherish . 
i am particularli partial of the ? f-word scene ' , in which ralphi blurt out the shock four-lett obscen while help the old man in the yard . 
again , shepard 's method of handl thi amus scenario is noth short of comic wizardri . 
the numer sequenc that stick in one 's mind includ , of cours , the famou depart store santa scene - in which billingsley ha some problem in tell old saint nick what he want under the tree . 
i could go on , but i 'll finish on thi note : ` a christma stori ' is a standout among holiday movi , becaus it captur so much in a meager 90 minut . 
not onli is it funni , it 's often genuin hilari . . . . not to mention warm , fluffi and touch in all the appropri place . 
i plan on make ` a christma stori ' a christma tradit . 
whi do n't you ? 
