note : some may consid portion of the follow text to be spoiler . 
be forewarn . 
on decemb 20 , 1996 , amidst all the year-end oscar bait releas from the major studio , miramax 's genr label dimens film quietli releas a sli littl ensembl slasher flick titl scream . 
although the teen horror market had been given up for all-but-dead in recent year , the film shock industri observ by score consist high box offic return , eventu top $ 100 million domest and becom one of the most success film of it type in histori , while delight audienc by final present a set of know slasher flick protagonist who were awar of the all the standard clich associ with the genr . 
the sleeper success of scream sent shockwav through the industri -- suddenli , everybodi wa look for hip , inexpens fright film that might be abl to reap similar fortun . 
the strategi of cast young tv star to draw the youth demograph wa given a boost . 
scream director we craven , previous best known as the creator of new line 's a nightmar on elm street film seri , wa thrust back into the limelight . 
and scream 's rooki scribe , kevin williamson , burst onto the film scene in stun fashion . 
it 's hard to underst thi last point . 
mr . williamson ha , base upon hi produc screenplay as of thi write ( scream , i know what you did last summer from octob 1997 , and now scream 2 ) , enjoy a meteor rise to fame , quickli becom the most well-known screenwrit amongst the entertain weekly-read , box offic figure-watch youth cultur sinc -- well , sinc that quentin tarantino guy ( whom , it is said , ha also achiev some renown as a director ) . 
inde , in a singularli freakish odditi , it is the screenwrit , mr . williamson , and not the director that ha been receiv the lion 's share of acclaim for the success of scream , and the print advertis for scream 2 's theatric releas are similarli indic of hi increas promin : while the tradit `` a film by we craven `` drape the film 's titl in the ad , right below it ( in equal size font , yet ) read `` written by kevin williamson `` , an affirm of the screenwrit 's contribut to the project which may be unpreced . 
( i can envis the board of wga , lick their chop at thi coup and count the day until their goal of `` a film by `` is attain . ) 
and , much like mr . tarantino 's screenwrit , mr . williamson 's work is vagu unconvent , incorpor both contemporari pop cultur refer and allus to other film into the dialogu of hi charact . 
in scream , they satir discuss other horror film ; here in the sequel , the charact discuss the rel merit of film sequel . 
scream wa written in 1995 dure the infam bob dole rampag against hollywood , and mr . williamson 's reject of thi tirad clearli influenc the write in both that film and thi sequel . 
while the sequel wa plan from the outset -- a treatment of scream 2 wa includ when mr . williamson sold the screenplay for scream -- the basic premis for the film and the reunion of the surviv charact nevertheless seem extrem artifici contriv , and it 's onli at about the film 's midway point when it becom engag . 
like it predecessor , scream 2 open with a splashi , eye-grab prologu which onli vagu tie into the film 's princip narr ; thi time around , we 're follow the exploit of a young coupl ( jada pinkett and omar epp ) attend a riotous gleeful sneak preview screen of stab ( a run film-within-a-film gag where the `` true life `` event behind the first film ha been turn into a movi ) . 
howev , although it tri hard and ha some good idea -- the nightmarishli enthusiast audienc in the film vagu remind me of the one i wa share the theatr with , and i wa certainli think about gut the overly-noisi person a few seat away myself after about fifteen minut -- the prologu is a pale imit of the bravura open sequenc in the origin with drew barrymor ( where her perform not onli convinc me that she * could * act , but wa so good that it would rank among the best perform in a horror film that i 've ever seen ) . 
there are too mani know , hip pop-cultur refer cram into the scream 2 sequenc , and the setup is n't nearli as cleverli frighten as scream 's ; while the first film 's prefac dizzyingli built up to a final shot that wa exhilaratingli terrifi , the payoff here is almost campili theatric . 
flash to the campu of a smalltown ohio colleg , where return charact sidney ( neve campbel ) and randi ( jami kennedi ) have reloc for their studi and to escap the notorieti from the event in the first film . 
the murder which open thi film result in reunit the survivor -- single-mind tabloid tv report gale weather ( courteney cox ) roar into town to cover the break stori , while ever-awkward former deputi dewey riley ( david arquett ) fli in to protect guard over sidney . 
they 're join by cotton weari ( liev schreiber ) , who wa fals accus of homicid in a cameo appear dure the first film ; hi role here is significantli expand . 
the film incident provid surprisingli littl backstori , although i suppos a good case can be made that it realli is n't necessari -- not becaus so mani peopl have seen the first instal , but becaus thi is , after all , a sequel to a slasher film : what do you * think * happen to these charact in the prior movi ? 
there 's a lot of new face on the scene too : sidney 's new boyfriend , derek ( jerri o'connel ) and her new roommat halli ( elis neal ) , randi 's fellow film student mickey ( timothi olyph ) , gale 's newly-assign nervou cameraman joel ( duan martin ) , omnipres local journalist debbi salt ( lauri metcalf ) , co-e cici cooper ( ms . buffi herself , sarah michel gellar ) , and a pair of simper soror sister ( rebecca gayheart and siren ' portia di rossi ) . 
ani of these charact could be the killer -- or for that matter , could be the next victim . 
as is seemingli becom a regular stapl of a kevin williamson screenplay , the narr is onc again frame around the increasingly-flimsi premis of a whodunit . 
one problem that scream did n't have wa keep you interest in the ident of the killer . 
here ( and to some extent in i know what you did last summer ) , mr . williamson 's screenplay seem slightli hamper by tri to turn the ident of the killer into a mysteri . 
the film occasion becom so bog down with misdirect that you can sens it strain at the seam to tri and drop red her left and right at the expens of it thriller element . 
( it doe n't help matter ani that the killer 's alter-ego is fairli obviou from the get-go . ) 
inde , the final play as full-out camp when the villain is final unmask , froth at the mouth with glaze eye . 
thi is one of those case where the villain goe on such an endless diatrib about their machin , scheme , and motiv , that you actual get bore listen and just want them all to get on with it . 
while the basic setup and premis for the film is fairli contriv , the aspect where it 's head-and-should abov it predecessor is in it suspens sequenc . 
they 're stage much more imagin here ( save for the first post-prologu murder , which is handl in such a mediocr , convent fashion that it seem to be cull directli from the predict 1980 slasher flick that the first film satir ) , and are much more fun to watch . 
it 's hard to hold back a smile dure a giddi scene where sidney and her companion have to climb over the incapacit killer in order to escap from a car wreck , and a cat-and-mous chase involv gale and dewey in a campu sound lab is veri nice stage , although it ultim resolut is hilari overblown . 
in term of it charact , the strong part of the film is the interest relationship between gale and dewey ( who ambl onto the screen accompani by hi veri own theme music ) . 
their verbal spar at the outset provid much humour -- an exchang where dewey defens rebuk charg of a perceiv aura of incompet is well-written -- and there 's a curious endear aspect about their relationship amidst all the mayhem and bloodsh . 
on the other hand , sidney is pretti dull here . 
she doe n't have ani compel presenc , and there 's noth particularli interest about her thi time around to make us care about her other than that she 's the return heroin . 
given thi , and the fact that there 's no strong second banana charact for sidney ( elis neal 's role is n't nearli substant enough to adequ fill rose mcgowan 's shoe ) , it 's no wonder whi the role for gale and dewey have been significantli augment for thi instal of the film . 
what surpris me the most about scream 2 is it zealous in decim it cast . 
the film 's mount bodi count bear out the fact that * no * charact is safe ( well , * almost * ) ; while in princip i applaud thi bold polici , at some point you 've got to be wonder about just how mani charact will make it to the next sequel . 
( i wa particularli surpris with the untim demis of one in particular , whose cast for the next instal of the seri would 've seem obviou . ) 
but hey , as rose mcgowan 's charact said in the first film : `` no , pleas do n't kill me , mr . ghostfac -- i want to be in the sequel ! `` 
look what that got her . 
