it wa with great trepid that i approach +mary+ , the farrelli brothers+ latest film . 
i knew the film would be funni -- the trailer alon had me laugh harder than the actual comedi i went to see . 
but i also knew the film would be an equal-opportun offend , attack the sensibl of the polit correct with reckless abandon . 
i figur the film would be raunchi , mayb anoth lucki escape from nc-17 hell . 
i may laugh , but would i feel better in the morn ? 
i needn+t have worri . 
+mary+ is the sweetest , warmest , all-out laugh-and-grossfest thi side of _anim house_ . 
surprisingli , the farrelli brother have walk that veri tight line of make a touch romant comedi on the side , and fill the detail with five or six outrag howler . 
they make laughter , the toughest job for a filmmak to do , look easi . 
the plot is typic . 
thirteen year ago , geeki ted ( ben stiller ) luck out in have dazzl mari ( cameron diaz ) go with him to the senior prom . 
as luck would have it , on that veri day , he wa hospit . 
whi , i shall not tell , but i assur you , it isn+t pretti . 
he hire a privat investig to find her : pat heali ( matt dillon ) . 
he becom one of the great comic villain . 
upon find her , he too is lovestruck , and so pursu her , lie about hi occup and get hi teeth cap . 
it is onli a matter of time befor ted find out that he had been double-cross , and goe to get her for himself . 
would the geek get the girl ? 
puh-leas . 
the end is pure hollywood ; no surpris there . 
but the absolut joy in thi film is how thi simpl premis allow for humor in zipper , hair gel , the mental disabl , the physic handicap , interraci marriag , homosexu , skin condit , serial killer , tan , and drugged-up dog . 
the dog on speed sequenc alon is worth the price of admiss , and belong in the film comedi hall of fame . 
and yet , for all the target that are hit , the film maintain it sweet tone . 
mari , play the straight role , is as sweet and care as she is beauti . 
she is total devot to care for her mental handicap brother , warren ( w . 
earl brown -- mile away from the cameraman in _scream_ ) . 
mary+ sunni carri the film here -- it compliment the below-belt gag that come at you . 
cameron diaz make her total charm , and the audienc respect her , even though women in gener do not usual undress befor an open window . 
ben stiller also fare veri well , total chang hi imag from hi _realiti bites_ and _flirt with disaster_ straight men to be a , ( how to say it ? ) , a complet loser . 
brace , greasi long hair , not too bright , and veri veri funni . 
dillon is except creepi , especi with hi cap teeth . 
and round out the cast is ted+ friend dom ( chri elliot ) , tan addict magda ( lin shay ) , modern troubador/greek choru ron lichman , and mary+ sweet mom , marki post ( where ha she been ? ! ) . 
not everyth work . 
chri elliot+ role , skin blemish and all , becom mere tasteless and bore . 
there+ lousi dialogu about eight-minut vs . seven minut exercis tape . 
and there are long stretch without much go on . 
but the wait is worth it . 
when those extraordinari sequenc hit , the entir theater erupt with howl , tear . 
belly-ach , that in some sequenc carri over to the follow scene . 
the farrelli brother have final done it . 
ye , there are some raunchi bit , but when it is all over , it+ not nearli as bad as it could have been . 
while tasteless , it didn+t cross ani line , at least not with me . 
while raunchi , it wasn+t nearli as bad as _porky+s_ or _boogi nights_ . 
and it is sweet enough to be consid a date flick . 
after the funni but sour _kingpin_ left a neg aftertast in my palat , come the funniest sex farc sinc _a fish call wanda_ . 
approach thi with an open mind , and you will reap the benefit huge . 
