no filmmak deconstruct a stori as well as atom egoyan . 
i 'm refer , specif , to the narr form . 
in the sweet hereaft , egoyan tell hi stori in a similar framework to hi exotica or the adjust . 
said stori , of a fatal school bu accid in the small town of sam dent , british columbia , that shatter the moral of the local , is told in a most unstraightforward manner . 
when the film open , the accid ha alreadi happen , and stephen ( the wonder holm ) , a polit ambulance-chas , ha arriv with the promis of a lawsuit that will eek out the truth of what realli occur that fate morn . 
throughout , we get to meet the parent of the dead , broken soul who follow stephen like `` the pie piper `` ( passag of which are read dure the film ) . 
but there is one live passeng , the paralyz nicol ( polley ) , whose dark secret of a life befor the accid may affect her decis to testifi . 
we final do see the accid , about three quarter into the film , which is a stun visual effect . 
a horrif long take that show the bu slide , then stop , then collaps into a frozen lake , is the best digit trickeri in ani movi thi year and , perhap , ever , in a motion pictur . 
the fractur narr also intercut a preoccupi stephen on an airplan , travel to meet hi hiv-posit runaway daughter , as well as glimps of the artifici happi live these peopl led pre-accid . 
i have a problem not with the stori or stori structur , but with egoyan 's heavy- handed behind the camera . 
for the first hour or so , i can quit honestli say i wa on the verg of tear ; these are miser , miser peopl . 
but that 's just the problem : so anguish are these folk that sympathi wane after a while , when a lot of sad becom too much . 
also , a subplot involv incest ring untru . 
perhap it would n't feel so contriv if it were n't shot in such a tast manner . 
there are two charact who are father and daughter ; when they first appear i thought they were lover . 
i wa half-right . 
nevertheless it 's worth-se . 
the delight critic geoff pever recent wrote that `` american film are about action , canadian film are about consequ , `` henc a recent wave of film about the effect of shock and death from toronto director , includ crash and kiss . 
the sweet hereaft is much better than either of these two film , simpli becaus it 's not bore or , in the case of kiss , afraid of it own materi ( necrophilia ) . 
egoyan is a fine , fine , postmodern storytel , whose work is entertain , edgi and smart , if a bit too intellectu at time . 
though i harp on the weighti of the materi , i wa alway absorb , engross , and surpris by the sweet hereaft . 
