plot : jet li is a chines cop ask to help some french policemen nab a bad guy . 
but one thing lead to anoth , and the next thing you know , li 's be chase by the same french cop with whom he wa suppos to be work . 
a lot of ass-kick , face-whip , gun fight and . . . okay , a littl more ass-kick ensu . 
critiqu : veri cool ! 
now here 's a movi that give you exactli what you 're look for , if what you 're look for is kickass action , a palpabl good cop/bad cop stori line , some hardcor stunt and jet li slam-dunk everyon in sight ! 
the film also move fast ( a mere 95 minut ) , develop a certain `` cute `` chemistri between fonda and li , ha nice surround ( pari , babi ! ) and give us one of the best bad guy that i 've seen all year . 
tcheki karyo is the devil incarn in thi film . 
he is pure evil . 
they should have call thi movi bad lieuten 2 as keitel ha noth on thi man . 
what a great , great monster ! 
my favorit line of tcheki 's wa when li wa explain the whole `` kiss of the dragon `` thing to him and he cut him off by say `` kiss my ass ! `` 
pure action movi poetri . 
anyway , other than him , jet li also handl hi `` act `` pretti well in thi film , with veri littl real dialogu to say , but enough to make us believ hi charact . 
actual , just look into the man 's eye gener tell you a lot . 
fonda wa also pretti good , despit play one of the most trashi and abus women that i have seen in quit some time , but i still felt kinda bad for her , so i guess she did her job okay . 
but in the end , nobodi goe to see thi kind of movi for oscar perform . 
we go to see jet li movi becaus we want to see jet li kick a lot of ass from side to side , and thi film deliv gangbust on that front . 
and ye . . . they have no wire-fu in thi movi . . . i 
say again . . . no 
wire-work , no bullshit stunt with li float around in mid-air for over a minut . 
it 's all straight action , fist to fist , boot to face and all around cool stunt . 
if that 's what you 're look for , i do n't see how you will be disappoint with thi film . 
ye , it 's not veri origin in plot ( just take luc besson 's own la femm nikita and mix in plenti of hi own the profession et voila ! ) , doe have an annoy hip-hoppi soundtrack that just got on my nerv after a while ( i also would have gotten rid of the whole acupunctur thang . . . ) and will have anyon not will to restrain their disbelief , roll their eye all over the place . 
but wa i entertain ? 
thoroughli . 
doe the film featur more gunplay , martial art and over-the-top kill that most recent action flick ? 
ye , again . 
doe thi sound interest to you ? 
well , the answer to that question is entir up to you . 
one thing that i would definit recommend is , as jet li point out himself on hi websit , that you leav the kid at home for thi one . 
in fact , you might even wan na leav yourself if you ca n't handl the more violent of sequenc . 
all in all , a rippin ' , roarin ' fun time ! 
where 's joblo come from ? 
black mask ( 5/10 ) - blade ( 7/10 ) - la femm nikita ( 8/10 ) - lethal weapon 4 ( 7/10 ) - the matrix ( 8/10 ) - the profession ( 9/10 ) - romeo must die ( 3/10 ) - rush hour ( 7/10 ) - shanghai noon ( 6/10 ) 
