i saw simon birch in a basic sold out theater , on a sunday afternoon . 
when the movi wa over and the audienc wa exit , i did n't hear one neg comment , and i did n't have ani to offer . 
simon birch is primarili about the friendship of two twelv year old boy , simon ( ian michael smith ) and joe ( joseph mazzello ) , and what destini hold for both of them . 
simon is a dwarf , who wa not suppos to last through the night after birth due to a weak heart . 
surprisingli , he doe , and now constantli remind everyon that he is a live miracl . 
simon think god ha a plan for him , a purpos for hi life , and hi condit , he just doe n't know what . 
joe is an illegitim child ( refer to both comic and dramat throughout the film as a bastard ) , who 's mom ( ashley judd ) wo n't tell him who hi father is . 
simon ha more than just dwarfism as a problem , the peopl in the town do n't realli like him , becaus he is n't `` natur `` . 
even hi own parent do n't care about him , and are disappoint they did n't have a `` normal `` son . 
he is also harass in church by the local pastor , rev . russel ( david strathairn ) and simon 's chain smoke sunday school teacher play by jan hook . 
the onli person , other than joe , that realli care for simon is joe 's mom , who he also look up to as a mother . 
it would be just simon 's luck , that he would accident kill joe 's mom , someth you are told at the begin of the movi . 
joe , now motherless as well as fatherless , feel the need to find out who hi real father is . 
with the help of ben ( oliv platt ) , the local drama teacher and joe 's mom 's current boyfriend ( befor her death ) , he will attempt to locat hi dad and get in a littl troubl on the way . 
most of thi troubl is laugh out loud funni , although not all of it is . 
simon will also look for god 's plan for him , although he lose a littl faith along the way . 
star in the first ( and last ) five minut of the film is hollywood 's newest dramat actor , jim carrey . 
jim play the adult version of joe and doe a impress job start the film off , and then tie it up just right . 
thi is the first charact jim ha play that is not over the top in anyway , and he doe a commend job . 
simon birch is written and direct by mark steven johnson , thi is hi first film as director , but he ha written sever film , includ the grumpi old men seri . 
he doe an outstand write and direct job here , the film 's structur is flawless and it flow togeth perfectli . 
the dialog goe from extrem funni to moros without miss a beat . 
the cast is excel . 
joseph mazzello give the stand out perform . 
joseph is outstand for someon of ani age , not alon someon who just turn 15 . 
ian michael smith , in hi film debut , ha such a strong physic presenc that you believ he is simon without ani hesit . 
other great perform are turn in by the rest of the support cast . 
i love thi movi , it is far and away one of the best film i have seen all year . 
take your whole famili to see simon birch , it is a magnific film- an american masterpiec . 
