i 've never been a member of the robin william fan club . 
a littl bit of hi improvisationali schtick goe a long way , and i sometim feel as though i 'm watch a 40-year-old class clown . 
in hi film , william ha often tri to balanc hi mania with touchy-fe emot , lead to wildli uneven perform . 
mr . 
doubtfir seem ready-mad for the same problem , but instead it prove to be william ' best comic screen project yet . 
while it still contain some characterist self-indulg , mr . 
doubtfir is nonetheless an engag belly-laugh comedi serv up with high energi . 
william star as daniel hillard , a cartoon voiceov artist with a penchant for irrespons behavior . 
one such incid prove one too mani for wife miranda ( salli field ) , and she file for a divorc . 
unemploy , live in a disastr unkempt apart and face with limit time with hi three belov children , daniel decid to respond to miranda 's ad for an afternoon housekeep . 
he turn to hi brother frank ( harvey fierstein ) , a theatric makeup artist , and emerg as euphegenia doubtfir , a matronli 65-year-old englishwoman . 
daniel use hi access to the hous to keep an eye on miranda 's flirtat with a wealthi client ( pierc brosnan ) , to spend time with the children , and to learn someth about respons parent , all the while tri to keep hi ident hidden from the peopl who know him best . 
mr . doubtfir ha to overcom a mountain of implaus to work , and basic it doe so . 
the most crucial is that no one in the famili recogn daniel , and thank to the fantast special makeup that 's instantli believ . 
it may be one of the most convinc transform ever commit to film , make dustin hoffman 's dorothi michael look like milton berl . 
more problemat wa a seri of call daniel make to miranda pose as nanni from hell ; it 's a bit hard to swallow that she doe n't recogn ani of the voic as her husband 's . 
perhap the biggest contriv we 're ask to swallow is that daniel could make a quick chang into mr . doubtfir in a few minut . 
there 's more to realist makeup than slap on a latex mask . 
fortun , these are inconsist which onli attract attent as the credit roll . 
dure the film , i wa gener too busi laugh . 
after get off to a slow start involv too much of william ' rif , mr . 
doubtfir kick into high gear onc the wig and pad are in place . 
daniel 's frantic attempt to fool a court offic is wonder , as is the climact restaur sequenc , even though i saw the resolut come a mile away . 
clearli , most of the credit for doubtfir 's success goe to robin william . 
it took put him in drag , but for onc he play a comic charact that is n't just robin william with a differ name . 
he thoroughli inhabit euphegenia doubtfir , and seem to relish the scene in which he get to play her as blunt and foul-mouth . 
wise , he never aim for saintli . 
hi respons to the intrus of new suitor stu are often petti , but the kind of thing most of us might do with the benefit of anonym . 
it 's one of mr . 
doubtfir 's charm that neither daniel nor miranda is perfect , just peopl tri to be better . 
as miranda , salli field is solid in a background role , and pierc brosnan is nice underst as stu . 
the children are also good , although mara wilson is almost oppress cute as the youngest . 
the support player mere step asid and allow william to do hi thing . 
it 's easi to see mr . 
doubtfir as littl more than tootsi warm over , and it 's true that there are both broad theme and specif detail in common . 
but mr . 
doubtfir manag to carv out it own space , particularli through the surprisingli honest moment involv a judg 's decis and the ultim statu of daniel and miranda 's relationship . 
there 's noth dazzlingli new in mr . 
doubtfir , but there are plenti of laugh , and good comedi are alway in short suppli . 
and it 's nice to see robin william just act for a chang . 
