i know what i would do with $ 4 . 4 million if i found it in a previous undiscov airplan crash site , especi if i were with jacob and lou . 
( huh ? ) 
well , in ani event , that is the situat hank ( paxton ) find himself in . 
he and hi dim-wit brother jacob ( thorton ) and tubbi friend lou ( brent brisco ) come upon a larg bag of cash insid a plane wreck . 
against hi better judgement , hank decid to go along with the idea of keep it rather than go to the author . 
the rest of the film is a question of who is go to die to keep thi a secret , and is it worth it ? 
a simpl wish lie along the line of veri bad thing , clay pigeon and even fargo , and is kind of wrap all into one littl dark bundl . 
oh , and it much better than ani of those . 
sam raimi took a departur from hi normal freak-show horror-monkey film and made thi stylish and intrigu pictur . 
he realli let the audienc sit back and watch the event unfold rather than forc them down our throat as mani director prefer to do . 
i think raimi knew he had a winner on hi hand and decid to direct the pictur on a natur flow cours . 
one of the film 's compon can be link to a recur theme in terrenc malick 's the thin red line . 
in malick 's three hour bore-a-thon , he make an interest attempt to link mother earth to hi war stori . 
it seem noth more than an occasion pretti cut to a field of flow grass , a small bird , or a flow bodi of water . 
sure , there were obviou metaphor connect , but there wa no subtlti to hi effort . 
raimi doe a fine job of tie in a fox in a chicken coop and bird of prey to signifi the futur of the charact . 
i think most viewer may miss the comparison , but it is a veri intrigu ingredi in the film . 
and then there 's billi bob thorton , who is proof that the independ film industri is vital to the life blood of hollywood . 
if it can continut to produc peopl like thorton , hollywood will be ok . 
he give a fantast and devastatingli deep perform here . 
it is not as engross as hi carl childer charact in slingblad , but is is just as complex , if not more so . 
jacob is slow and simpl , and yet we so often see him deep in thought . 
i wonder if he wa think about thing that he would never say ( or did n't know how to say ) or if he wa just take a long time to think about the thing he just said . 
here he realli prove hi worth as one of the best charact actor in the industri . 
though the plot is somewhat unorigin , it ha a veri appeal new twist in it charact . 
paxton give one of the better perform of hi career as the straight and seriou leader of the group ( a far cri from chet in wierd scienc ) . 
perhap bridget fonda is miscast as hi advice-giv wife , but she certainli doe n't do anyth ruin the pictur . 
a simpl plan can be includ in the group of recent small hollywood film that is just dark and pretti un-redeem . 
but at least thi one ha an import messag , unlik so mani of it counterpart . 
