synopsi : it 's 1977 in a small italian american neighborhood in new york . 
disco music is popular , and the sexual revolut is on , but the peopl of new york are not happi . 
in fact , they 're terrifi . 
as in spike lee 's do the right thing a heat wave ha the citi in it grip , and peopl ' temper are flare . 
the cool of night offer no respit : the neighborhood is be terror by a nocturn psychot killer who call himself the son of sam . 
no one know who the son of sam is , and no one is safe . 
all around new york peopl are differ . 
asid from cultur group and ethnic neighborhood there are differ between individu . 
in the italian american section of town a philand husband name vinni ( john leguizamo ) tri to hide hi tryst and sexual behavior from hi long suffer newlyw wife dionna ( mira sorvino ) . 
vinni 's friend ritchi ( adrien brodi ) hate disco , work at a gay strip club and doe n't want ani of the neighborhood folk to know . 
ritchi 's girl rubi ( jennif esposito ) is tri to escap a reput as a slut . 
everyon 's differ , but nobodi in the film want to be frame as `` alien `` to the commun . 
unfortun , the kill help creat a climat of suspicion pit neighbor against neighbor . 
opinion : director spike lee 's summer of sam is not about a psycho killer . 
nor is it about cop tri to apprehend him . 
it 's about differ and how , given the right condit , even close neighbor can fan the hostil flame of irrat suspicion . 
one thing i found interest in summer of sam wa the use of sex . 
in other movi sex is glamor . 
for exampl , jame bond get a sexual reward for win . 
or bore made-for-video `` suspens `` movi are spike with gratuit lingeri scene just to keep the audienc awak . 
and everi movi or soap opera charact in these flick seem to have expert sexual prowess . 
not so with summer of sam . 
in a veri gutsi move director spike lee show sex without fantasi . 
sex is there , but it is n't gratuit or titil . 
in fact , some of the main charact are downright lousi in bed . 
sex is in the film becaus ( sexual ) devianc is part of the film 's major theme of `` differ `` breed hostil . 
in my opinion thi kind of movi sex is cut edg for 1999 , as rare and thought-provok in american cinema as show a spank . 
