weir is well-respect in hollywood for turn script with difficult subject-matt into decept simpl , power film , the mosquito coast ( utopia ) and fearless ( post-traumat stress disord ) among them . 
in the truman show , weir essenti breath life into the now-tir concept of media-manipul by tackl the materi from the inside-out . 
it certainli help that he ha an underr perform in top-form play the titl charact , truman burbank . 
by now you must be awar of the premis : unbeknownst to him , truman ( carrey ) is the star of hi own tv seri , a 24-7 peep-show in which he is surround by actor and place in loos script situat ; peopl around the world tune in for the voyeurist thrill of hi genuin reaction to fictiti stimul . 
` seahaven ' , hi hometown , and the show itself , are the brainchild of christof ( harri ) , who presid over hi creation in the base of a fake moon , direct over 500 camera and hundr of actor and extra . 
for 30 year , truman suspect nothing- ` we accept the realiti we 're given , ' pose christof-but a desir to break free of the sunni town and visit a long lost love in ` fiji ' ( mcelhon , who wa actual an actress fire by christof for tri to break the confidenti agreement ) overwhelm him . 
thu , christof and hi team suddenli find themselv work twice as hard to keep the veneer of seahaven intact , lest truman discov the world outsid and put an end to the highly-r program . 
in a few broad stroke , weir creat a convinc second-r , and he ha the good sens not to bring christof into the pictur until almost three-quart through . 
thi allow us to comprehend and accept truman 's world befor we contextu it . 
for all hi mad , christof ha shown the world a place without violenc and hardship , and demonstr that a human be can function well within it . 
truman is an inspir to hi audienc becaus he grew up to be , well , so darn nice ; like a sibl ( or , perhap more appropri , a cage anim in an interact zoo ) , they want to see him succeed . 
the surrealist soap opera is complet plausibl thank to a tight screenplay and a sympathet carrey-h realli is an everyman here , abandon hi facial contort in favour of a credibl , wide-ey bewilder . 
cinemat , the truman show is impecc , stylishli photograph by peter biziou and litter with symbol imag . 
as well , it employ wojciech kilar 's piec `` zyci za zyci ' master and beauti . 
if the film ha ani flaw , one may find them in laura linney 's character as meryl , truman 's `` wife `` ( i doubt that betti crocker imperson would fool anyon ) , and in a subplot involv truman 's ` father ' , which feel curious incomplet . 
there are a few stupend sequenc , and the film pull off a wonder trick : we becom truman 's audienc as much as the loyal viewer in the film . 
they wear button ask ` how will it end ? ' 
i could n't wait to know myself , though i did n't exactli want it to end , for thi inspir movi is possibl the best-and most complex-summ pictur in year . 
