jay and silent bob strike back , kevin smith 's swan song to hi two most famou charact , is the best receiv comedi that i 've seen sinc there 's someth about mari , which is a tea parti in comparison to the foul-mouth humor in jay and silent bob strike back . 
the audienc did n't just laugh ; they went wild with boister laughter and heavi applaus throughout . 
in short , if you like realli raunchi humor , you may find it , as i did , to be the funniest movi of the year . 
( on the other hand , if you are one of those who walk out in disgust with smith 's dogma , then jay and silent bob strike back is not the movi for you . ) 
in one of the fastest pace movi of the year , the stori ha jay and silent bob ( jason mew and kevin smith ) , a pair of card carri drug dealer , travel from their new jersey conveni store home to hollywood so that they can stop a movi . 
it seem their comic book alter ego , bluntman and chronic , are be use in a movi without jay and silent bob 's consent . 
jason bigg and jame van der beek are slate to star in it . 
jay and silent bob strike back ha more and better use cameo than just about ani movi that i 've ever seen . 
among other , they includ carri fisher as a bible-tot nun , mark hamil as a comic book version of hi famou alter ego and gu van sant as a director too busi count hi money to yell , `` action ! `` 
best of all are ben affleck and matt damon who mock themselv and their movi . 
the film stop sever time to make fun of itself and of the audienc who wa `` stupid `` enough to buy ticket to thi movi . 
( actual , purchas ticket to thi film is extrem smart given that it deliv more laughter per dollar than anyth in recent memori . ) 
the film even skewer peopl who write about movi on the internet . 
guilti . 
although it 's fill with insid joke , you 'll still be laugh even if you onli get some of them . 
it 's easi to understand enough so that they are still funni . 
jay is a motor mouth who ha n't met a subject that he could n't vulgar . 
hi favorit topic is oral sex , but , be an equal opportun profan , he 's will to make crude joke about absolut anyth . 
but it is hi buddi , the aptli name silent bob , who is respons for most of the movi 's success . 
hi reaction shot , with hi wildli exagger eye movement , are comed gem . 
the stori 's main subplot concern four anim right activist , justic ( shannon elizabeth ) and her three sexi buddi , sissi ( eliza dushku ) , missi ( jennif schwalbach smith ) and chrissi ( ali larter ) . 
these charli 's angel type give a ride to our hero on their trek to lalaland to stop the pictur . 
jay tri to put the move on justic , but he doe n't stay in command of the situat for long . 
one of the funnier sight gag ha the women use a pink , clam-shap , birth control case that contain high tech gadgetri . 
grant , it 's not the movi for everyon , but , if you like kevin smith 's brand of humor , you 'll find that thi is hi best . 
and , as i said earlier , it 's the funniest movi of the year thu far . 
no , wait . 
forget , ` thu far . ' 
it 's bound to be the funniest movi of the year . 
in a time when almost everi movi feel oblig to come in at pg-13 so that they can rake in the maximum cash , it 's great to see a filmmak with the gut to target onli a matur audienc . 
jay and silent bob strike back run a lighten fast 1 : 35 . 
it is rate r and contain pervas crude humor and languag and sexual situat . 
it would be accept for high school senior and older . 
the film open nationwid in the unit state on wednesday , august 22 , 2001 . 
in the silicon valley , it will be show at the amc and the centuri theater . 
