you 've got to love disney . 
no matter what they serv up , it is a guarante success as long as it 's anim . 
kid have to go see the movi . 
then they have to get the toy . 
oh , the video came out ? 
got to buy it , or risk littl billi 's temper tantrum for the next month . 
all of thi culmin in the childhood equival of a pilgrimag to mecca : a visit to the magic kingdom . 
stay at the disneyland hotel ! 
buy a disney t-shirt ! 
eat an ice cream mickey mous on a stick ! 
it 's both a vertic and horizont monopoli when you think about it . 
dale carnegi should have had it so good . 
what 's most amaz is that all thi success is in spite of a sever lack of origin . 
you see , disney anim featur these day have two compon : theme and plot . 
the theme chang with each new movi ; the plot doe not . 
the plot is a mold into which the charact of some ancient fabl are drop , and tri as they might to rise abov the charact of previou featur , they are nearli alway destin to do no more than the same . 
howev , while the success of a disney anim featur is gener a given as far as box-offic receipt , merchandis dollar , and glimmer in the eye of littl children , critic they are as vari as anyth els that hollywood ha to offer . 
luckili , disney 's latest anim offer , mulan , manag to be engag and refresh , even while rife with formula . 
the film start with the invas of ancient china by the hun , led by the impos shan-yu ( miguel ferrer ) . 
soon , china 's emperor ( pat morita ) mobil hi armi and decre that one male from each famili in the countri shall serv to fight in china 's defens . 
when the fa famili is serv notic , it is the elderli father , fa zhou ( soon-tek oh ) who must answer the call , as there are no other male in the household . 
fear her father will sure be kill in battl , fa mulan ( ming-na wen ) disguis herself as a man and sneak off with the royal order to join the chines armi . 
mulan , base on a chines epic poem , is a classic tale of the triumph of the ugli duckl . 
mulan herself is a disgrac to her love famili , as she ha a difficult time fit into the tradit woman 's role , and in a veri amus scene where a matchmak attempt to assess her valu to a potenti husband , we see that `` grace `` is not one of her strong point . 
veri earli on , we are present with the high import of bring honor to one 's famili , and by botch her chanc at gain the favor of the matchmak , mulan fail at that task . 
by leav home to fight in her father 's place , she may not onli spare hi life , but bring honor , too . 
as is the case with most disney music , the song are first rate and pervas throughout the film . 
i 'm not sure if they will get much airplay , but at least one of the song will no doubt receiv recognit come oscar time . 
both lea salonga , who provid the sing voic for mulan , and donni osmond who sing for shang , the captain of mulan 's armi unit and obligatori love interest , are more than compet , although salonga 's voic translat much better to anim . 
you have to hear it to understand . 
interestingli , the music number which are so often done with big flourish are surprisingli mute in mulan . 
there is no significantli big number , which is customari as the second or third song in a disney film , but thi doe not detract significantli from the rest of the movi . 
it is , howev , an expect which ha been built by disney 's own formula histori , and some viewer may feel as if someth is miss . 
artist , the anim have chosen to adopt the more subdu pastel of chines artwork , and although thi may not live up to the vibranc so associ with mani of the other disney work , it help to contribut a more authent , and therefor more credibl , natur to what otherwis may be seen as a typic `` disneyfi `` ethnic tale . 
there are also a coupl of visual standout scene , one involv the charg of shan-yu 's hun armi , which util the same computer-enhanc imageri disney anim have employ sinc the chandeli in beauti and the beast . 
the other scene worth mention is so quick you might miss it . 
when mulan resolv to take her father 's place , she don her father 's old battl armor , and unsheath a sword . 
as she doe so , you can see her reflect in the polish metal . 
it just left me think , `` that wa realli cool . `` 
a wonder rang of perform delight the audienc throughout the film , vari from the straight , such as soon-tek oh as fa zhou , to the comic , such as harvey fierstein as yao , a gruff , pugilist member of shang 's conscript armi . 
even more outrag is eddi murphi as mushu , the diminut guardian dragon sent to look after mulan . 
although an obviou attempt to reliv the chemistri brought forth by robin william in aladdin , murphi nevertheless distinguish himself with hi own win perform . 
i found the choic of b . d . 
wong as shang a littl strang ( you may rememb him as martin short 's wed planner assist in the father of the bride ) , but they use robbi benson for the voic of the beast in beauti and the beast , so i guess anyth 's possibl . 
in ani event , wong perform admir as well . 
one charact which provid a signific amount of humor is grandmoth fa . 
she deserv recognit not onli becaus of the leviti she bring to the movi , but also becaus she is voic by two veri remark peopl . 
june foray , who suppli grandmoth fa 's speak voic , is a vener voic actress who may be best known for her work as rocki the squirrel and natasha fatal ( as in bori and natasha ) . 
marni nixon , who provid grandmoth fa 's sing voic , is the same vocalist who dub the voic for anna in the king and i , maria in west side stori , and eliza in my fair ladi . 
with thi in mind , hear grandmoth fa is like listen to a littl piec of histori . 
mulan is the latest disney anim featur to get away from some of the eurocentr which for so long domin disney film . 
in an effort to be cultur sensit ( and to avoid a `` miss saigon `` -type debacl ) , disney ha also wise chosen to employ mani asian-american actor for both lead and support role . 
in addit to the actor alreadi mention , the cast includ such ubiquit talent as jame hong , gedd watanab , jame shigeta , and georg takei . 
i guess clyde kusatsu wa n't avail . 
at a run time of slightli under an hour and a half , mulan move quickli and provid solid entertain for both children and , happili , adult . 
thi is the kind of disney featur that make you wonder what they will do next , rather than hope that the next one is better . 
