be that it is a foreign languag film with no known name with a select number theater show it , `` shall we danc `` wo n't be seen by that mani peopl . 
and that 's a shame - thi is a funni , enchant , and goofi movi full of laugh , surpris , and wonder danc sequenc . 
the surpris thing about `` shall we danc `` is the univers appeal of the stori . 
a us version is in the work , and it 's no wonder - it 's not realli all that cultur specif . 
although there is a narrat set-up that add some extra reson to the proceed ( about the view the japanes cultur ha about ballroom danc ) , the movi is so rich in charact and appeal that thi ad layer is n't at all necessari to understand or enjoy the film . 
the onli import unexplain japanese-specif refer that may leav some a bit puzzl is that 1000 yen is roughli $ 10 ( when you see the film - and you should see thi film - you 'll know whi ) . 
a middl age compani man realiz that achiev all the goal he set for himself in life ( a hous , a child , and good marriag ) still doe n't translat into a fulfil life . 
after glimps a melancholi beauti look out from a danc studio window while on the train home from work , sugiyana ( koji yakusho ) decid after some trepid to take up ballroom danc lesson in order to meet the woman who ha stir someth in himself . 
after find the weekli fee for privat lesson from the eleg and beauti mai ( tamiyo kusakari ) too rich for hi blood , sugiyama opt for group lesson simpli to be near her . 
we then meet the player in thi gem of a movi , who all have their own reason for join the class . 
later on , we meet aoki at the danc studio ( naoto takenaka ) , a co-work and all out weirdo and one of the laugh riot highlight of the film . 
the stori , laugh , and touch scene evolv as the movi goe along . 
it 's a pleasur to watch such a wonder film that is propel almost sole by the charact and perform . 
it 's difficult to explain the charm of the film without reveal too much - the movi abound with littl revel that subtli shape the charact , and in the end , each one is that much fuller and more understood by the time you leav the theater . 
it 's one of those movi that onli the french seem to make anymor - no big plot , no special effect , no gunplay , no tragic consequ , no forc examin of the natur of love , and no insight into the natur of evil . 
just a warm , funni , endear film that will charm the pant off of you . 
when wa the last time you left a theater feel all warm and fuzzi insid ? 
`` shall we danc `` will do that to you without ani treacli aftertast . 
