`` when will the devil take me ? `` he ask rhetor in lull voic over . 
the spoil titl charact of _onegin_ ( pronounc oh-negg-in ) is wait on death to reliev him after a lifetim of rapaci behaviour . 
martha fienn ' debut featur is ( quit liter ) film poetri ( it 's base on an epic russian poem by alexand pushkin ) , a profound studi of regret , of how we confus shame with guilt . 
when we first meet eugen onegin ( ralph , act for hi sister ; anoth brother , magnu , compos the score ) , a philand aristocrat from st . petersburg , he ha just inherit hi uncl 's estat . 
with plan to sell it , onegin pay a summer visit to the manor , which is locat in an underpopul russian countrysid , and not long into the trip he meet a neighbour famili of blue blood . 
smitten with olga larina ( headey ) , he befriend olga 's fianc ? , vladimir lenski ( stephen ) , while olga 's sister , tatyana ( tyler ) , romantic hi flippant attitud ( he 's a nineteenth bad boy ) , fall for onegin . 
in one sweati , inki torrent of passion , tatyana write him a love letter . 
he is at least intrigu by the note but reject her affect , it is impli , becaus he can . 
soon after , tragedi strike , and onegin make himself scarc . 
when we catch up with him , six year later , he ha just return to st . petersburg , where at a grand ball he discov that an old friend ( donovan ) ha marri a more womanli and wordli tatyana . 
thi time , onegin find her irresist . 
what is most amaz about ralph fienn ' perform is hi subtl physic transform from dash snob to miserli grouch . 
overwhelm by a top hat , the onegin who pine for tatyana seem smaller in statur than the one who brush her off , an ebeneez scroog trap in christma past . 
the actor ha been constrict play hero for too long now-ther 's room to breath in a role that 's made up of shade of gray like `` onegin `` . 
petula clark sang of a univers phenomenon in `` park lot `` : `` you do n't know what you 've got ? til it 's gone . `` 
onegin 's about-fac on tatyana speak for those of us ( read : most of us ) who need confirm that someon or someth is want by other befor we want it as well . 
what the charact feel is not jealousi but remors , embarrass , even , at have let her go . 
out of identif we feel empathi for onegin , a callou bastard . 
tatyana 's emot echo a thousand ditti , but that make them no less vital . 
she chang , too , from a girl in crush to a woman with divid loyalti . 
tyler acquit herself surprisingli well among her uk co-star , fill in sketchi gap by express base sentiment in a seri of wanton stare . 
they both have face , mr . fienn and ms . tyler , capabl of convey archetyp russian miseri . 
_onegin_ could have ad up to littl more than a distinguish episod of `` masterpiec theater `` , even with it current cast of thoroughbr intact , were martha fienn not at the helm . 
an mtv background ( she cut her teeth direct rock video for xtc and other ) ha posit influenc her sens of pace ( though , thank , not her shot lengths-no spasmod cut here ) ; at just over 100 minut , _onegin_ click along like a brisk walk through valley of despair . 
the film ha an atyp period look , as well . 
absent are the sumptuou tablewar and antiqu furnish that stand in for plot and charact in those drippi merchant ivori product . 
the set are almost expressionist bare , echo the loneli of the protagonist . 
( cinematograph remi adafarasin often allow space to engulf them ; i 'm remind the climax , which unfold in a sea of white . ) 
martha fienn ha a clear command of cinema , and her spare , often pain human visual present of `` yevgeni onegin `` is arguabl the most lucid translat of pushkin 's difficult text yet . 
ms . fienn may be the most excit femal presenc behind a camera sinc jane campion . 
