i must say from the outset that i have never been much of a kurt russel fan . 
i 've seen some of hi film ( silkwood , backdraft , unlaw entri ) and while he gave adequ perform , i have never been impress with hi work . 
breakdown , then , is someth of a surpris . 
russel give a fine perform , as do most of the cast , one that is not upstag by the action orchestr in the second half of the film . 
to say that he hold the film togeth would not be complet true , but he doe it no harm . 
russel play jeff , one half of a marri coupl travel with hi wife ami ( kathleen quinlan ) cross countri to san diego to start a new job and a new life . 
while journey through the desert their car break down and , left helpless and strand , jeff wave down a pass truck driver ( j . t . 
walsh ) who offer to take them to a nearbi diner to call for a tow truck . 
becaus of a nasti incid earlier with a coupl of ruffian , jeff decid to stay with the car while ami get help . 
that , it seem , is the last time jeff ( or anyon els ) see her . 
breakdown ha been compar to sever movi : georg sluizer 's the vanish ( the origin , hope , not hi appal hollywood remak ) , steven spielberg 's duel and ani number of hitchcock film . 
as with these , breakdown doe not , for the most part , stray down the convent path of the american action-thril . 
jeff doe not becom a gun-tot vigilant on the hunt for hi wife , but instead becom a scare , confus everyman who ha no idea what the hell is go on . 
when we do find out what ha happen to ami , it doe come as a slight disappoint , if onli becaus it 's too earli in the film ; i for one could have done with an extra twenti minut or so of mysteri and bewilder , but thi affect the film littl . 
russel , as mention earlier , is veri good in hi role , and kathleen quinlan is nowher near as annoy as she wa in apollo 13 . 
j . t . 
walsh , as the possibl evil truck driver , is terrif ; he is one of the best of the fine batch of charact actor hollywood doe n't seem to know what to do with , but director jonathan mostow is on the right track here . 
the reason he make such a great villain is that he actual look like a real person , one anyon would be abl to trust , which make the plot that much more believ . 
breakdown is what hollywood doe n't make enough of , a great thriller with believ charact and scene that do , inde , have viewer on the edg of their seat . 
one of the most genuin excit film i 've seen in a long time . 
