with the success of the surpris hit alien , direct by ridley scott , a sequel wa inevit . 
in fact , after watch the first film , a sequel wa want , particularli by thi review . 
hand over the director 's chair to recent box offic gem jame cameron , who had onli made two film previou to thi one ( pirahna ii , a surprisingli dull film , and termin , make cameron a household name ) , the alien seri got a face-lift of immens proport . 
instead of be a suspense/sci fiction film , cameron alter the seri and chang it into an action pictur . 
what result is one of the most terrifi film ever creat . 
a film like alien come along onli onc in a while , and when it doe , audienc are usual unprepar for it . 
i never saw thi movi in theater , but i wish i could have . 
the terror and fright must have been unimagin , most like with audienc member liter shriek in fear . 
alien is an action film unlik ani i have ever seen . 
with a scienc fiction plot , cameron give alien ad testosteron , pump up the action and fire power from the origin film . 
in fact , alien is one of those few sequel which top the origin . 
perhap what make the alien seri so impress is the hero -- or heroin , as the case may be . 
never have we had a more sympathet hero in an action film , and never have i seen such an impress act job done by the main charact . 
sigourney weaver is possibl the onli actress who could play thi charact and make her realist enough for us to care about . 
place a woman in these situat would sometim seem unusu , but becaus of weaver 's presenc , a woman is the onli suitabl hero . 
alien begin 57 year after alien end . 
lieuten ellen ripley ( weaver ) is discov in hypersleep on the nostromo and is awaken . 
she explain how she is the onli survivor of her past encount with the alien , but `` the compani `` is doubt . 
they explain that a coloni of famili is flourish on the same planet from which she just left . 
despit stern warn from ripley , the compani remain rigid and wo n't call the famili back . 
howev , when the compani lose contact with the coloni , ripley 's stori seem much more feasibl . 
one of the compani 's director , carter burk ( paul reiser ) , want to gather a team to travel to the planet . 
thi team includ a buff privat vasquez ( jenett goldstein ) , a question corpor hick ( michael biehn ) , and a loyal android bishop ( lanc henriksen ) . 
burk tag along with ripley as they fli to the planet in order to locat the member of the coloni . 
arriv on the planet , the team find most of the human life extinguish in a cocoon-typ environ . 
the onli survivor is 12 year old rebecca `` newt `` jorden ( carri henn ) . 
ripley find thi a chanc to be the mother she never had the opportun to becom , and she becom newt 's surrog mother . 
ripley and newt are the onli one who know what ha happen , and soon , all hell break loos . 
alien not onli multipli the thrill and suspens from scott 's version , it also multipli the number of alien in gener . 
alien focus on one alien in particular which systemat kill each crew member , except ripley , who manag to jettison the alien out of the nostromo . 
alien focus on an entir race of these alien , and as a result , the chill are incred heighten . 
then again , thi is jame cameron , the guy who ha given us true lie and termin 2 : judgment day . 
he is the best action director out there ( top renni harlin , who direct cliffhang ) , and onli he could creat someth as terrifi as thi film . 
it seem that everi alien film seem to have some memor scene or scene , and alien ha the motherload . 
with perhap one of the most astonish end ever creat for an action film , alien climax never seem to hit until the viewer is nearli push to extrem exhaust . 
i ca n't recal anoth film ever to sustain thi level of intens throughout , never drop for a moment . 
just when you think the movi is over , someth els will occur , and it start right back up again . 
with a seemingli endless conclus , alien end with one of the greatest moment in film histori . 
thi scene is usual the one rememb most from the film , as lieuten ripley step into one of the lift machin to fight the alien queen . 
use flawless special effect , the climax is exhaust , leav ani audienc member drain from extrem anxieti . 
of cours , for a film of thi genr to work properli , the technic aspect must be realist enough for us to believ what we see . 
alien is complet realist , even a decad after it initi releas . 
the special effect are wonder seamless , with a terrifi alien to go with them . 
one of the most overlook aspect of thi film is the music , compos by cameron-regular jame horner . 
horner ha creat a terrif score , receiv an oscar nomin for hi work . 
not onli that , horner ha also creat one of the best score for ani action film , or scienc fiction film ever ( and that includ 2001 : a space odyssey , which wa mainli a compil of well-known compos ) . 
in fact , the climax music is also some of the most recogn of film music . 
the product design is incred , which also happen to snag a nomin from the academi . 
dark corridor lit by red light are veri impress , but more impress is the amount of terror which aris from well-lit locat . 
normal a film will be veri dark in order to scare a viewer ; alien use light to scare the viewer . 
then , of cours , is the cinematographi , which use point of view shot , along with video feed in order to build suspens . 
some of the scariest scene involv the perspect of ripley . 
surprisingli , the act is not onli abov averag for thi genr , but some of the best . 
sigourney weaver receiv an oscar nomin for her portray of ripley , incorpor the right amount of sympathi into her hard-edg persona . 
weaver soar abov the rest in thi film , but she is suppos to . 
carri henn give an abov averag perform for a child , develop a three-dimension charact from her quiet attitud . 
lanc henriksen is terrif as bishop , show that android do n't alway have to be flat charact . 
jenett goldstein show a fair amount of enthusiasm with her role , and steal sever scene of her own ( though her person becom slightli annoy when she is n't fight ) . 
michael biehn give a veri nice perform in the most obligatori role of the film . 
howev , biehn doe a good job , make it seem origin again . 
paul reiser may seem like an odd choic to play the sleazi corpor director , but reiser manag to pull it off quit well ( howev , i still see him as paul on tv 's `` mad about you `` ) . 
a veri good cast ( which also includ bill paxton and william hope ) highlight thi action film , make it stand out from other . 
alien is right rate r for violenc , gore , languag , and terror . 
alien is sort of the redefin moment of the scienc fiction genr , as alien wa more of a suspense/horror film . 
alien pump up the stake , and cameron direct it with profession qualiti . 
cameron certainli know how to make a good action film , but here he prove how he can creat some truli horrif moment on screen . 
technic astonish , alien ' onli flaw is small charact who are onli there to get kill . 
asid from thi , you probabl wo n't experi anyth like alien for quit a while . 
