i had a chanc to see a sneak preview of citi slicker ii on campu last night . 
i went in with the expect of a film with the similar flavor which made the origin such a success : person growth and insight humor about life . 
i came away somewhat disappoint in thi regard , get some of the latter and not much of the former . 
the basic plot revolv around billi crystal , who play mitch robbin , turn forti . 
he 's now becom the station manag of the radio station in which he work in the origin . 
he 's given a job at the radio station to hi best friend , play by daniel stern , out of sympathi while stern 's charact work through hi divorc . 
hi loser younger brother ( john lovitz ) come to mitch 's hous to bum a money and place to live , all while mitch and hi wife tri to celebr hi birthday . 
dure the celebr , mitch discov what appear to be a treasur map in curli 's ( the cattl drive leader in the origin play by jack palanc ) old hat . 
after a busi trip to la vega , crystal , stern , and lovitz stay a few extra day to go off in search of the treasur . 
on the way , they run into curli 's twin brother , duke , play by ( you know who ) jack palanc . 
first of all , the cinematographi wa beauti done , especi the outdoor scene in the desert . 
the scene are such that i would like to see some of those sight film myself . 
there is some charact develop dure the film . 
the actor remain true to their charact and play them well , without overplay the joke . 
the movi is a good basic adventur , with enough plot twist to provid for an end that is difficult to predict . 
the movi is pace well , but with a coupl slow spot in the middl and toward the end . 
humor-wis , the film ha a good number of joke which maintain my interest throughout the film . 
there are memor moment like when stern is bitten by a snake , but there are fewer joke to laugh at in the sequel ( surpris , surpris for a sequel , right ? ) . 
howev , the slight bitter aftertast i have with thi film ha to do mainli with the film 's manipul of the audienc . 
the film tri to pull your heart-str too much regard how close the charact are to each other , like when mitch had decid to suck the snake marrow out of hi best friend 's butt . 
thi is done again when the gang meet up with some member of the cattl drive group from the origin . 
there were also some part which appear unrealist , like whether the stamped would start in the way it did or whi they did n't worri more about water while tromp around the desert . 
some strenuou stretch of the imagin are requir here . 
sinc the object of the gang is to find gold and get rich ( unlik find themselv in middl age like in the origin ) , i also found it harder to empath with the charact dure their journey . 
overal , i 'd say that the film is an entertain and humor adventur with some story-lin defici make it less worthi than the origin . 
it may be worth the full price of admiss , but a matine would be a better bargain . 
