the happi bastard 's 30-second review 
big daddi 
happi gilmor as a father ? 
of cours ! 
that 's the latest scenario present by adam sandler in the new movi big daddi , a movi that 's passabl but is n't realli consid some of sandler 's best work . 
he doe n't actual play happi gilmor in the movi , but a variat of him . 
he 's sonni coufax , a man who 's live off a settlement he got for a cab run over hi foot and hi one-day-a-week gig as a tollbooth man ( tollbooth willi ? ) . 
hi girlfriend ( kristi swanson ) is fed up with hi lifestyl and demand a chang befor she leav him . 
enter a 5-year old kid , who 's mysteri drop at hi doorstep and intend for hi preppi roommat ( jon stewart ) , who 's off in china on a busi trip . 
from there , coufax basic act as the kid 's father , teach him differ thing like pee on the side of a build and trip up skateboard with stick . 
he even manag to use the kid in a sort of con game to get the attent of a beauti law offic worker ( joey lauren adam ) , but , somehow , he also garner the attent of social servic , who are n't particularli pleas with coufax 's action , as he pretend to be hi roommat to keep the kid . 
the reason i say it 's not realli sandler 's best work is becaus it get realli sappi toward the end of a movi , show some odd feel that somehow did n't realli belong in a sandler vehicl . 
i mean , it fit the movi 's tone and everyth , and sandler handl it well , but it 's just oddli place , that 's all . 
fortun , it doe n't destroy the goofi glee path it 's been follow and it still make you feel good . 
sandler doe a good job here , as he doe in most of hi movi . 
rob schneider , howev , is irrit as hi friend , an immigr deliveri boy who ca n't read . 
stewart , in hi minor time on screen , is great , and adam remain a joy to watch . 
look for steve buscemi as well as a homeless bum . 
he 's a hoot . 
direct by denni dugan ( director of happi gilmor ) , the movi remain a good coupl of hour to pass the time with . 
again , there are fault , but , hey , everyon need to get emot sometim . 
