seen septemb 13 , 1998 at 4 p . m at rotterdam squar mall cinema 6 , theater # 2 , with chri wessel for free use my sony/loew critic 's pass . 
[ theater rate : * * 1/2 : good seat , averag sound , pictur unstabl ] 
`` rounder `` is exactli the kind of movi parent do n't want their kid to see . 
it 's not that it 's a drunken orgi of sex and violenc , but becaus it 's a film that flat-out say you can make a career out of gambl . 
and to take make thing `` wors `` it prove thi through it origin , fascin stori . 
there have been countless crime film both past and present that evok the `` noir `` mood , that is , the dark , shadi atmospher where the vice of the world becom more fascin on screen than they would in real life . 
thi film start off in the tradiat noir style , introduc us to the underworld of modern gambl where the stake are high and so is the price for lose . 
matt damon star as mike mcdermott , a 20-someth law student in present-day new york citi who tell us how the game of poker is realli play . 
damon narrat throughout the film , but the entir open scene is voiced-ov so perfectli to complet and total defin the set . 
mike 's about to go up against teddi kgb ( malkovich ) , a russian gangster who look like a serial killer . 
but then again , he practic is one and the film doe everyth to convey that sens - the look in hi eye , hi slow movement , hi intric manner - all combin with the classic noir cinematographi of isol bright within the dark of the underworld ( liter ) . 
damon in the flesh might seem a littl out of place with hi expens cloth and perfectly-groom featur , but hi narrat is what bring it all togeth . 
he never sound like he 's read from a script , nor that he 's tri to embellish anyth , it just come natur to him . 
the screenwrit use the right word and phrase to describ the mood , from the smell of the air , to the logic involv in read the other guy ' face and card , and all without sound remot trite . 
immedi we get the sens that poker is n't for gambler , but for near- genius with nerv of steel . 
the game is a quiet war , with strategi just as complex and the same sens of honor among the soldier . 
the gangster mike play against are the same one that might kill someon for scratch their car , but when it come to the game of poker , all respect is due to the winner becaus he is truli the better man . 
the film doe an excel job in establish it atmospher dure the first act . 
it concentr so much in thi aspect that the background and the progress of the stori stumbl a bit . 
we learn onli a littl about mike , both past and present . 
present we know he ha a girlfriend name jo ( gretchen mol ) who he constantli argu with over hi gambl . 
they go through a few break-up/make-up cycl until mike 's childhood pal and fellow rounder `` worm `` ( norton ) is releas from prison . 
it 's not at all surpris worm owe thousand of dollar to the mob , but what is surpris is how the film is abl to take such a predict element and execut it the way it doe . 
technic , the plot is n't unlik mani children 's sitcom in which the `` good `` kid 's `` bad `` friend get the good kid in troubl and yet the good kid remain friend with the bad kid . 
what thi film doe is use a differ medium to tell that stori . 
mike and worm have been in over their head their entir live , but both share a passion for out-think the other player who is tri to do the same to them . 
where as worm prefer to go the sleazi rout of cheat ( henc hi jail time ) , mike alway take the card he 's dealt and work with them . 
sometim they pay off ( i . e . 
hi abil to pay hi way through law school on hi gambl money ) , but other time they do n't ( i . e . 
the fact he take himself out of the game and work a steadi job after drop $ 30 , 000 on a singl hand ) . 
onc thing start happen the film is abl to expand and develop it plot into an intric web of detail and mood . 
mike and worm bob and weav through all kind of game at all kind of place , from socialit ' mansion , to take the tourist at atlant citi , to outwit the gangster that control it all . 
everyth they come into contact with is a big poker game in that everyth 's a battl against the card destini deal . 
one scene demonstr thi perfectli in which mike is told by a judg ( martin landou , in a perfectli cast and perform role ) that destini is everyth and yet noth at the same time . 
matt 's good at gambl but he 's also got potenti to be a great lawyer . 
he could go profession as either , but with one he could lose everyth or win big , but with the other there 's stabil but not much risk involv . 
can someon who 's gambl hi entir life realli cash in hi chip and leav ? 
if the film had been just a subtl lesson in poker-play , then the end is our test . 
everyth is told from mike 's perspect , but we 're final abl to recogn some thing on our own . 
thi make the final , against-all- odd showdown seem like just that . 
it work just like the game it revolv around - show us some of the card , but still evok the element of the unknown , and the consequ thereof . 
what separ `` rounder `` from most other film about game is the fact the challeng and the skill are more import than win in the end . 
