`` be john malkovich `` is the type of film we need to see more . 
today 's film are either blockbust that entertain us with tiresom formula , or those that have similar theme . 
malkovich fall under none of these categori , and it 's quit refresh to see that occur . 
thi strang provok stori , is actual somewhat understand . 
john cusack play a puppet tri to make it to the big time . 
hi wife ( cameron diaz ) support the both of them by work at a petstor , which explain the obscur pet they keep in their apart . 
when cusack final realiz he need to get a job , he find an ad for a file clerk . 
when he reach the build , he arriv at a 7 1/2 floor . 
it 's there that he discov a secret portal that lead to be john malkovich for 15 minut at a time . 
meanwhil , cusack meet a busi partner ( catherin keener ) , in which he fall madli in love with her . 
the onli problem is , she ha no interest in him what so ever . 
the whole portal thing , is n't just a toy , in fact , it becom cusack 's dream . 
be insid malkovich 's mind , gave him the opportun to basic control mlakovich , like a puppet , and to fulfil hi fantasi . 
i do n't want to give away too much , but cusack becom too attach with hi discoveri . 
in my opinion , thi idea is absolut brilliant . 
it 's realli quit scari to think that someon could becom you , control you , be you . 
it make you wonder whi we act like we do , and whi sometim we blurt out thing or act out someth out of the blue . 
even if the script is super sharp , i ca n't help but find the end displeas . 
it could have lead up to someth more , or at least an amus conclus . 
it tri to explain a mytholog about the portal , that made it seem rush . 
other than that , i had a veri enjoy time . 
the act wa quit delight as well . 
john cusack ha final been given a chanc to prove hi abil , and he doe it well . 
he 's by far the most underr actor due to a lack of popular , but i 'm hope that will chang . 
cameron diaz wa her usual charm self , although i felt that part wa wrong for her , but she pull it off . 
john malkovich himself continu to creep out peopl with hi eeri facial express and tone of voic . 
who els 's mind would be better to explor ? 
the director , spike jonz , who appear in last month 's three king realli catch my attent with thi project . 
i knew he wa bizzar , but not to thi extrem . 
he too is like too receiv media attent . 
`` be john malkovich `` is n't an excel film , but it is definitli entertain and will eaisli becom a cult favorit . 
what 's even better is the film 's puzzl messag . . . am 
i nick lyon ? 
