perhap it 's time for me to say a littl about my read habit . 
i realli do like to read , and i 've enjoy mani book in my lifetim . 
my problem is that i 'm a slow reader , and not veri dedic -- i 'll enjoy portion of a book and then set it down for month at a time ( it 's taken me the last six week to get through the first one hundr page of anna karenina , even though i 'm love the book ) . 
in addit to thi , i typic do n't read anyth creat after the 19th centuri . 
the onli reason i bother with thi bit of inform is becaus i feel bad admit , time after time , that i have n't read ani of the book on which these film are base ( the onli except , i believ , is great expect ) . 
howev , i do n't think it should be necessari to read the book beforehand in order to judg the qualiti of the film . 
needless to say , i have n't read the elmor leonard novel out of sight , on which steven soderbergh 's new film is base . 
i ca n't say how faith of an adapt it is , or if it live up to leonard 's vision . 
i can say that it 's a terrif film , with sharp act , great dialogu , and pump full of energi and style inject by soderbergh . 
it 's certainli a nice distract from 1998 's lineup of brainless blockbust , all hopelessli wish that size matter . 
out of sight prove that it doe n't . 
i had origin written georg clooney off as a one-not actor , incap of depth but occasion show a littl flair . 
after see hi latest perform in thi film , i 've chang my mind -- thi guy can act , but he also ha that forc presenc that most certainli will make him one of those $ 20 million superstar . 
here , he play jack foley , a middl age guy who rob bank for a live . 
he doe it becaus it 's fun , i think , but the film open with him get caught becaus hi car wo n't start . 
he goe to jail -- which is interest -- onli to break out five cinemat minut later with the help of hi friend , buddi ( ving rhame ) . 
we 're then introduc to karen sisco ( jennif lopez ) , a u . s . marshal who , conveni , is wait with a shotgun as jack escap . 
fortun , they take her hostag , and she and jack spend some qualiti time in the trunk togeth as buddi drive them to safeti . 
the central conflict aris when both jack and karen becom obsess with one anoth , though their respect job make them superfici incompat . 
we soon learn that the film is not told in sequenc ( and , sinc thi is a gritti crime comedi , flashback of pulp fiction should aris ) . 
at first , i kind of felt that it wa a gimmick , but i guess it wa a gimmick in pulp fiction , too . 
it 's a fun gimmick , though , and soderbergh treat the materi with enough humor that everyth come off natur . 
i 've onli seen a few of soderbergh 's film ( i wa impress both with kafka and sex , lie , and videotap ) , but i think he 's excel at what he doe . 
he 's an artist without make it obviou , and without be pretenti , which is alway admir . 
he use trick , ye ( lot of freeze-fram stuff here ) , but it all add to the smooth and quirki current in the film . 
as i said , clooney is terrif , and he 's match by lopez . 
lopez is , of cours , beauti , but she can act , too . 
i can sens that she 's hone in on her skill , for she come off more natur here than she ha in ani of her previou ventur ( not that stone gave her much help in the loathsom u-turn ) . 
the two actor have arrest chemistri with one anoth -- the best scene in the film , by far , is the seduct scene . 
the brillianc of thi scene is also due , in part , to soderbergh , for he cut back and forth from their quiet discuss in a bar to the physic act which take place a few minut later . 
the scene is a seri of soft nuanc and glanc , layer upon light dialogu , and the result is one of the better love scene in recent cinema -- meaning and engross . 
the support cast is strong , led by the always-reli ving rhame . 
denni farina , who play karen 's father , is good , as is don cheadl as the profoundli stupid villain . 
steve zahn , who play jack 's nearly-brain dead accomplic glenn , steal all of hi scene ( and that 's in a film where everi scene is alreadi at a high level ) . 
all of the actor are help by the dialogu and the intelligently-construct script by scott frank . 
out of sight is certainli a light film , although there are a few heavi moment that will linger in the memori . 
overal , i can recommend it simpli as great entertain . 
not everi film ha to chang your life , and it 's nice to see a movi that use the art to tell a great stori and simpli to entertain it viewer . 
as for the book , thi film is good enough to make me believ that there might be someth in the text worth look at . 
