american pie acknowledg a cold , hard fact that most movi do n't : it is veri difficult to get laid . 
it four virgin hero are jim ( bigg ) , a chronic masturb , kev ( nichola ) , who desper want to deflow hi girlfriend ( reid ) , oz ( klein ) , a lacross player whose approach requir some fine tune , and finch ( eddi kay thoma ) , a germphob ( hi crass nicknam is hilari , but i wo n't spoil it here ) who pay a classmat to spread rumour about the size of hi member . 
jim , kev , oz and finch attend a high school in suburban michigan full of so mani imposs beauti women it 's no wonder they 're horni all the time . 
after a parti at their studli friend stifler 's ( seann william scott , in the film 's sharpest perform ) hous leav them sexual unsatisfi , the quartet make a pact : to `` lose it `` by graduation-specif , prom night , which is onli a few week away . 
american pie is in the tradit of bachelor parti or reveng of the nerd . 
almost everi convers these charact have revolv around makin ' whoope . 
all women are there to be ogl . 
( alyson hannigan 's perki music student is the onli memor femal of the bunch . ) 
situat abound that defi logic onli to arous and/or amus it core audienc , adolesc boy . 
( to arous : nadia 's ( shannon elizabeth ) internet striptease-an unexpectedli raucou ( and guiltili pleasur ) sequenc . 
to amus : jim 's lusti encount with a hot appl pie . ) 
what differenti american pie from those dirti eighti comedi , asid from a veri nineti obsess with bodili fluid * , is a cast that 's light year more appeal than that of , say , just one of the guy . 
two more standout : klein and `` sctv `` 's eugen levi . 
klein play a kind-heart athlet for the second time in a row , after alexand payn 's underappreci elect . 
i hope to see more of thi warm actor with the disarmingli honest face veri soon . 
levi 's is the most crowd-pleas perform , and inde , it 's nice to see him back on the big screen in a role that make wonder use of that express brow . 
american pie also want to emul the teen flick your parent _would_ let you watch grow up . 
it skill employ a broad mix of pop tune , much like john hugh ' movi did , and even pay homag to the breakfast club a coupl of time , most evid when the prom band cover simpl mind ' `` do n't you ( forget about me ) . `` 
the pictur ultim ha a healthi , if obligatori , attitud toward safe sex-even at their most libidin , american pie 's protagonist first whip out a condom . 
the filmmak prove that social respons raunch is possibl . 
for it familiar and for it charm lead , i recommend american pie , but the buzz on thi film had me expect someth . . . fresher . 
as far as the new teen cinema goe , it 's at the top of the heap . 
* do n't say i did n't warn you about the parti scene . 
