one way of tell if a film is good or not is by the length . 
if a film is onli 90 minut , but feel like 300 minut , then it 's crap . 
but if a film last 2 1/2 hour , and feel like 90 minut , then it 's excel . 
boogi night fall into the latter catagori . 
the director , anderson , deliv a funni , hip , yet sometim violent film , which fli along . 
mark whalberg , a . k . a 
marki mark , play eddi adam , a seventeen year old with a certain 'gift ' in the midriff area . 
jack horner ( reynold ) is a adult film director , who decid that eddi would be great in the adult movi busi . 
after run away from home , eddi join jack , chang hi name to dirk diggler , and start make erot movi . 
in the movi busi , dirk meet a whole load of charact ( which the film introduc veri quickli and slickli ) such as scotti ( phillip seymour hoffman ) , rollergirl ( graham ) amber ( moor ) and floyd ( phillip baker hall ) , and littl bill ( william h . maci ) all the charact are well written , well play , and the audienc get to know them pretti well , thank to the excel script . 
we learn about amber grief about not be abl to see her child due to a divorc , rollergirl hard time at school , and littl bill wife , who sleep with everyon except her husband . 
but the best thing about the excel boogi night is paul anderson direct and write . 
the direct is fast , thrill , and never hold up . 
there are some great shot , some love steadiocam and handheld camera sequenc , and lot of other neat direct touch . 
the write is fabul , with some intellig dialogu , some funni dialogu , but none of the dialogu is crap , like most hollywood film ( such as the lost world : jurass park ( 1997 ) , or tommorow never die ( 1997 ) . ) 
boogi night realli is a spectacular feat of direct and write , on par ( and sometim better ) quentin tarantino 's film resevoir dog ( 1992 ) and pulp fiction ( 1994 ) 
the soundtrack is also excel . 
like american graffiti ( 1973 ) , the film featur some great old song on the soundtrack , which heighten the atmospher , and give the film an extra lift . 
also , the costum are great . 
the cloth realli do look like what peopl wore in the seventi and eighti . 
the film , although excel , doe have some flaw . 
firstli , wahlberg , although excel , can not do highli scene which requir him to be angri . 
in both scene where he ha to act angri , hi act is so 'off ' , the scene tension and anger is lost . 
but the rest of the cast are excel . 
burt reynold is brilliant , juliann moor show real emot , and william h . maci is great aswel ( but he alway is . ) 
anoth flaw with the film , though , is that the end seem a bit tack on . 
it seem anderson saw the film wa go on a bit , and need to wrap up quickli . 
it 's a shame , realli , as the rest of the film is perfectli pace . 
but they 're small niggl realli . 
boogi night is an excel film . 
superb direct , write , act and music , all combin to make one spectacular film . 
whatev you do , do not miss out on boogi night . 
