titan is so close to be the perfect movi it 's upset that it is n't . 
the film , which cost $ 200 million+ to make and could of put 20th centuri fox into a lot of finici troubl if it 'sunk ' ( pun intend ) is a labour of love for cameron , who wrote and direct the film . 
we all know that big budget dose n't mean great film ( see waterworld ( 1995 ) ) but titan is far superior to kevin costner waterlog epic . 
but sadli , titan just miss the mark of masterpiec ( although it is one of cameron 's best film ) 
the film start with present day explor search the runi titan . 
they find a safe , and insid a pictur of a woman . 
the woman in the pictur ( an old winslet ) tell the explor that the pictur is of her . 
the explor invit her over , and she then tell her stori of titan . 
in the flashback , dicaprio play poor boy jack dawson , who , after win a poker game , win two ticket to board the grand ship titan , leav liverpool to go to america . 
also board the ship is rich woman rose dewitt bukat ( winslet ) who is be forc into a marriag with a man she dose n't love at all , cal hockley ( zane ) so her famili can remain rich . 
she nearli commit suicid on the ship , but jack come to the rescu , save rose , they fall in love , and cal get jealou and eventu tri to kill them . 
oh yeah , and the ship sink . 
and that is the main problem with the film , and which stop it from be a work of geniu . 
the stori and script ( both by cameron ) are both weak . 
the stori is full of clich charact , ( the creepi man who the nice girl ha to marri , the poor boy with heart , the stuck-up mother ) and poor dialogu ( the script consist of lot of in-jok of how the boat wo n't sink , and most of the dialogu is pretti basic ) it 's a shame realli , as the audienc doe have to sit through 3 hour of thi film . 
without good dialogu , a film could becom a veri long , veri bore film ( like cameron own termin 2 , 1992 ) but , luckili , there are some redeem featur that make the stori and dialogu problem just disappear . 
firstli , there 's cameron 's direct . 
there are some great sweep shot of the titan , and some clever fade between the flashback titan and the ruin titan . 
but the scene cameron direct especi well are the disast scene at the end . 
there is a lot of mayhem and panic , all done veri well by cameron . 
it 's a scari sight , watch bodi fall from great height into the wateri depth below . 
thank to cameron 's direct , then , the audienc attent is held for the full 3 hour 15 minut . 
to support the direct are the excel cast , work veri well with their underwritten charact . 
dicaprio is good , although he onli look 16-17 year old . 
hi perform of a over exciti , yet also well manner boy is excel , and he also ha some funni line . 
winslet is great also , and her transist from a well manner rich girl to a rebel young adult is pretti smooth . 
zane is delici evil as cal , say everi line with a sneer and a flicker of the eye lash . 
the audienc realli doe come to hate him . 
he may be play the same charact he play in everi film he 's in ( like dead calm , 1988 ) but he doe it realli , realli well . 
also worthi of note is kathi bate ( edward scissorhand , 1990 ) as a loud mouth american . 
final , the ice on the 'great thing ' cake are the special effect . 
cameron is a whiz with effect ( just watch alien ( 1988 ) , termin 2 and true lie , 1994 ) and they are use veri well throughout . 
the sweep of the ship are awesom , although digit domain , who did the effect , can not anim human movement too well . 
the human seem to move to 'smoothli ' , there 's just someth odd about them . 
you can tell that they have been anim on a comput . 
of cours , the ship sink scene are awesom , with bodi fli all over the place , and the scene where the ship split in half ha to be seen to be believ . 
titan is one of the onli film where effect have reinforc the film . 
titan , then , is a wonder of direct , act and cgi , but not write and stori . 
again , like most of cameron film , the edit is loos ( cameron edit himself ) , and the film could of come in under three hour with a few more cut . 
titan , then , although not the godfath of movi it could of been , is a wonder attempt at creat a work of geniu . 
enjoy , scari , and even sad , titan is a film cinema wa invent for , fill the screen with incred imag , and assault the ear with awesom sound . 
a superb film , but sadli not perfect . 
overal rating= ( 
