it 's iron that the best film in cinema histori are invari the origin director 's cut of the film . 
film such as alien , the abyss , the wild bunch , blade runner , and termin 2 are all prime exampl of a filmmak 's integr , later chop up or muck with by the studio . 
the advent of the dvd format ha provid a more access way to get these origin cut to the public and provid to film freak like myself the abil to becom further enraptur by the extens of such classic film . 
the dvd releas of the origin intern version of luc besson 's 1995 masterpiec the profession , which is known as l ? on around the world , is a prime exampl of how a good film can becom an instant classic as a director 's cut . 
for year , i have heard of an `` intern `` version avail onli in laserdisc format , which ha elud me for year . 
i even bought a laserdisc player from my uncl don for 100 buck just to watch certain director ' cut - includ l ? on . 
but after countless search in laserdisc store , i could never find it . 
until now . 
the film follow the stori of l ? on , play by jean reno , a profession hit man for an italian mob crew run by danni aiello . 
he live next door to a feroci independ 12-year-old girl name mathilda - play by then newcom natali portman , whose father is involv in drug and crook cop . 
one day , a crew of the cop - lead by gari oldman in an over-the-top perform - kill her entir famili while mathilda is out buy groceri . 
take piti on her , l ? on hide her in hi apart when she return to save her life . 
mathilda learn of l ? on 's hit man profess and decid to follow in l ? on 's footstep as a `` cleaner . `` 
she then fall in love with him and manag to reawaken emot within l ? on he ha kept lock away as part of hi profess . 
at thi point , the differ in the american version and the intern version realli kick in . 
the intern version contain an addit 24 minut of footag that pertain directli to the relationship of l ? on and mathilda , footag that american censor deem `` too explicit . `` 
i assum that american censor feel that defin charact develop is too much for american audienc to handl . 
the best part of thi extra footag is that give better understand of both mathilda 's and l ? on 's motiv pertain to later action involv oldman and hi crew of bad cop . 
there 's even a previous unseen cameo by the great french actor jean-hugu anglad - star of queen margot , besson 's la femm nikita , and kill zoe . 
with these addit scene replac , l ? on and matilda 's relationship bring you emot closer to the film and draw stronger bond between the charact that were murki in the american version . 
the most iron thing about the intern version of the film is that with the inclus of the miss scene , the film becom primarili a heavi , emot drama punctuat with big action scene at the begin and the end of the film . 
the film better reflect the seriou drama of french cinema but is lace with piec reflect the brutal of american cinema . 
my advic to everyon out there is to throw away your copi of the profession , throw down twenti buck , and pick up thi newli restor cinemat masterpiec . 
director/writ : luc besson produc : luc besson , claud besson star : jean reno , natali portman , gari oldman , danni aiello 
