not hill 's trailer is aw : a laughless , schmaltzi montag . 
the movi wa desper market to the anti-phantom menac crowd , the same lovelorn femal who ignor the love letter . 
and it appar work . 
perhap the presenc of julia roberts-whos allur beyond those perfect teeth still escap me-had a lot to do with not hill 's open weekend success , but the film 's stay power is base on word of mouth . 
allow me to spread some more good buzz for not hill . 
grant star as william thacker , a travel-bookstor owner who work and resid in a tini english district call not hill . 
into hi shop one day wander famou actress anna scott ( robert ) . 
a common thief , some spill orang juic , and some stilt convers lead to their first , highli impetu ( or is that improb ? ) , kiss . 
day later , william sneak into her hotel suit under the guis of a magazin journalist , and so begin a passion , albeit surreptiti , affair . 
( asid : not hill 's portray of press junket is deadli accur . ) 
onli anna 's celebrity-or william 's lack thereof-threaten to drive a wedg between them . 
richard curti ha tap into fantasi we all have consid , and for at least it first half-hour the pictur 's `` beauti and the beast `` -like scenario is ( romant ) escap of the highest order . 
as with groundhog day or pleasantvil , while watch the high-concept comedi not hill one constantli imagin him/herself in the lead ; it 's william 's ordinary that entic the spoil and bore anna . 
curti ( who previous pen four wed and a funer ) is also smart enough to know that the unlik coupl 's situat is not enough to fuel two hour ' worth of entertain , so some of not hill 's finest moment revolv around william 's eccentr friend and famili . 
by now , dear reader , you 've probabl heard a lot about rhi ifan ' perform as william 's imbecil welsh flatmat . 
ye , he 's a crowd pleaser , a walk sight gag , but hi charact is not nearli as involv as the wheelchair-bound ( and appropri name ) bella ( mckee , the anguish waitress of nake ) or max ( tom mcinnerni ) , her lousi chef of a husband . 
in the movi 's best sequenc , william , anna , and compani sit around bloat from max 's latest concoct and hold a contest : the last browni on the tabl goe to the diner with the saddest life . 
the scene end onli as a british writer would end it . 
if anyth , fantast bit like these dull the main plot 's dramat impact . 
robert and grant , especi , are appeal , but their relationship is convolutedli interrupt too mani time ( four wed ' suffer similar flaw ) , and william and anna ultim onli have one thing in common : they 're lone . 
( worth note in robert ' and grant 's favour : the ubiquit `` i 'm just a girl , stand across from a boy , ask him to love her `` episod is not nearli so syrupi as it appear in clip , and it featur some of the best emot either actor ha ever done . ) 
not hill is nonetheless enjoy ; on the visual side of thing , i especi appreci michel 's play changing-of-the-season number . 
if onli ( and thi is a surprisinli minor gripe ) he had lop off the egregi epilogu ; for a stori that thrive on what we bring to it , the filmmak work too hard to tidi thing up , leav our imagin in the lurch . 
