slaveri is bad . 
after hundr of year , we 've final figur that one out . 
thi almost univers belief is the both the strength and weak of director steven spielberg 's latest `` seriou `` film . 
dure the late 1830 , a portugues slave ship carri a cargo of black men and women kidnap from their home on africa 's west coast to cuba to be sold into slaveri . 
fifty-thre of them are stuf into the `` la amistad `` ( from a spanish word for `` friendship `` ) by their new spanish owner . 
free himself from hi chain , seng pieh ( djimon hounsou ) , renam cinqu by hi master , lead a bloodi revolt . 
after kill most of the crew , the african forc the remain sailor to return them to their home - or so they think . 
instead the ship head up the coast to the unit state . 
the amistad is board by an american naval ship and the revolutionari are put on trial in connecticut for murder and piraci . 
the legal question becom are they free men fight justli for their freedom or are they properti . 
if they are properti , who do they belong to ? 
their master ? 
the spanish govern ? 
salvag right of the offic who captur the ship ? 
the us govern ? 
the defend are pawn in sever game . 
abolitionist theodor joadson ( morgan freeman ) and lewi tappan ( stellan skarsgard ) want to free them , but tappan see them primarili as a mean to further the caus . 
their lawyer roger baldwin ( matthew mcconaughey ) view the case as a simpl one of properti right and a chanc to make hi share of legal fee . 
south carolina senat john c . calhoun ( arliss howard ) pursu the case for the polit advanc of the southern state . 
presid martin van buren ( nigel hawthorn ) is will to forc the result toward hi own polit end . 
when the verdict look to free the african , van buren replac the judg with one more sympathet to hi wish . 
even that doe n't work and the new judg free the kidnap victim . 
at the urg of calhoun , the presid then appeal the case to the suprem court , popul by a major of slave-own . 
thi little-known ( tri find it in ani histori text book ) incid from america 's past would have gone down a darker path were it not for former presid john quinci adam ( anthoni hopkin ) who is persuad to argu the case befor the suprem court . 
the slaveri issu is easi pickin 's for spielberg . 
much like hi `` shindler 's list `` ( which follow `` jurass park `` as thi follow `` lost world `` ) , the moral side are not difficult one to choos . 
nazi and slave trader : both treat group of other as less than human . 
it 's not hard to see who the bad guy are . 
without that question to ponder , the director 's job is more difficult . 
he ha to make the stori interest . 
spielberg succe for the most part . 
the visual aspect of the film is beyond reproach . 
where the movi fall down is a bit more subtl . 
there are veri few _people_ in the tale . 
in fact , cinqu is the onli charact who is flesh out . 
tappan and joadson are `` abolitionist `` : symbol but not human . 
van buren is a weak politician but noth els . 
the rest of the `` slave `` bare exist other than dress for the set . 
like mani other film about peopl of color , almost all the major player are white . 
the film 's salvat lie in the act strength of everyon involv and the power presenc of hounsou . 
the former model 's first major role is a winner . 
without speak more than five word of english , he convey more emot than most actor with a thousand line of dialog . 
the other stand-out is hopkin who seem to be make a career out of portray american presid ( he also play the titl role in `` nixon `` ) . 
the impass speech by the dodder old man who phase in and out of ration is among the best court-room drama ever on the screen . 
there are some other great moment . 
especi impress are the african 's struggl to understand what is go on in the strang land . 
their interpret of the bibl base sole on the pictur and their own experi is poignant . 
as grand as the epic is , it would have more impact had it focus more on the experi from the point of view of the african . 
more human in the fight for human would have made it a four-star film . 
( michael redman ha written thi column for a real long time and is just now get around to see some 1998 film . ) 
