thi film is base on the campi tv show from the 1960 's under the same appel . 
mind you , most peopl ( includ your truli ) who will see thi movi will not have seen ani episod from the origin seri . 
the movi is realli a stand alon in that regard . 
the famili robinson . . . lost in space . 
plot : set in the year 2058 , the famili robinson is chosen to sail out into space in search of other planet that might contain the natur resourc earth need in order to surviv it futur . 
a colon process , if you will . 
they are join by abl pilot west ( leblanc ) , and evil uninvit stowaway ( oldman ) , who doe not want to see the trip conclud on a success tip . 
eventu , their trek goe awri , and all are `` lost in space `` . 
`` how do get back to earth ? `` 
is the question that infest the rest of thi sci-fi epic . 
critiqu : thi film remind me a lot of the fifth element ( 6 . 5/10 ) from the summer of 1997 . 
it 's a film with a lot of flash , but veri littl actual substanc . 
admittedli , there is n't an annoy charact like chri tucker from the other film , but thi film doe run a littl too long , and did lose me in regard to it complex time-travel / multi-dimension stori line . 
have said that , the special effect in thi movi were amaz , and the overal look and feel were also way abov averag . 
you realli felt like you were in the futur , and ride through space with these poor soul . 
unfortun for thi chosen famili , their 10-year old son is the smartest one in the group , and the father is too wrap up in hi work to notic the rest of hi famili ( ever heard that one befor ? 
yawn ! ) . 
the act is ok , and i wa especi surpris at the solid perform by tv friend 's matt leblanc who show us all that he 's definit more than just a pretti face . 
on the down side , the famili riff-raff that cut through most of the pictur is lame and time-consum ( even though we got ta give them credit for `` tri `` to develop charact in a sci-fi pic ) , the stori line is hard to follow , the evil charact in the movi actual tell peopl that he 's `` evil `` , and the movi goe on for about 20 minut too long . 
on the slick side , mani of the special effect are realli cool ( the sequenc in which the famili is `` paralyz `` dure the hyper-dr is awesom , and the anim monkey that join the famili halfway through the flic is mucho cool ) , the credit present at the end of the film is slam , and the adventur that they fall into are somewhat thrill ( i will also admit that `` somehow `` they got me to semi-tear up near the conclus of thi pictur . . . . veri 
odd . . . . . ) . 
overal , if you 're a big sci-fi fan , check thi movi out for the special effect and challeng narr , and if you 're not , i would still suggest see thi movi , but then you could probabl wait until it come out on video so that you forward past some of the bore part . 
littl known fact : thi film will alway be rememb as the movi that knock titan ( 7/10 ) out of the top spot at the box-offic after 15 straight week at number one . 
garri oldman is british , and wa onc marri to uma thurman for about six month . 
mimi roger wa tom cruis 's first wife . 
