of all the film i 've come to see thi year ( 1997 ) , i think onli chase ami had as mani `` laugh-out-loud `` moment . 
i 'm not say that i wa hyster roll on the floor while watch wait for guffman , but my mouth burst open with at least a delight guffaw at least everi coupl of minut . 
and i think i 'm the kind of person that laugh least at movi , even when i find them funni . 
usual all you can get out of me is a warm smile , so to get me laugh out loud , and so frequent , is a realli good sign . 
wait for guffman is the stori of blain , missouri , a town celebr it 's 150th anniversari , and the music that is be put on for the big event . 
the play is be direct by corki st . clair ( christoph guest , who also wrote and direct thi `` mockumentari `` as well as co-writ sever origin music number ) , the effemin broadway hope determin to make thi product a smash success . 
team up with st . clair are a hand of blain resid : allan pearl ( eugen levi ) , a jewish dentist who spent hi youth not as the class clown , but sit right next to him and studi him , ron and sheila albertson ( fred willard and catherin o'hara respect ) , a marri coupl set their sight on hollywood , libbi mae brown ( parker posey ) , the dens but fun queen of the dairi queen , and a few other . 
everybodi in thi movi is brilliant , absolut so , but levi particularli stand out . 
these charact are portray with such sadden realism that you ca n't help but love them , as pathet as they realli are . 
although levi stand out , guest , willard , o'hara , and posey are all wonder and definit should be commend for their perform ! 
if there wa an oscar for an ensembl perform , thi is the group that should sweep it . 
some humor wa a tad uneven from the rest of the film and , even after start veri humor , they nearli lost me with the tad-too-long intro . 
as delight as it wa , it began to get monoton . 
thank , just as your about to say `` ok , mayb i should run to the bathroom `` , they final get past the intro and onto the rehears scene . 
like a play , thi film give a veri three-act feel , the intro ( funni , but almost too long ) , the rehears ( even funnier ) , and final , the actual perform of the play ( excel ! ) . 
like i said , each charact realli shine , even when done with a subtl approach . 
you ca n't realli watch these peopl and not think they 're real peopl ! 
even they way they talk , with awkward paus and stumbl that do n't feel stage at all , you feel like you 're watch a real , albeit funni , documentari . 
and even with silli lyric , the origin song when the play is final put on , are absolut wonder ! 
as a word of note , despit it 's `` r `` rate , wait for guffman is realli quit clean . 
thi rate came from a brief , veri brief use of the grand-daddi of all swear word . 
even if that realli bother you , let me say that it 's not present in a vulgar , cheap-laugh way . 
it 's actual quit humor and tast done ! 
it might be hard know what to expect with wait for guffman . 
it 's silli humor , but it 's also so dri , subtl , and intellig done that you 're not insult by it . 
it 's alway realli nice to see a comedi that is n't all slapstick and vulgar , and thi film is one of the better one of the better one ! 
i 'd recommend see it ! 
