gothic murder-mysteri yarn are not a new conceit . 
in fact , they 've been around in book and on film for mani , mani year . 
without the proper handl , they come off as old-fashion , bland , and outdat . 
`` the gift , `` direct by sam raimi , is a tried-and-tru effort that surpris veri littl , and includ everyth from a wide array of suspect and red her , to mansion in the deep south with moss tree out front , to the eventu discoveri of a waterlog corps found in a nearbi pond . 
it 's fairli obviou who the killer is ; in fact , i predict who it would be befor the movi began and wa correct in my preliminari suspicion . 
the film ultim should n't work , but it doe , thank to a sparkl cast that fill each charact with so mani memor nuanc , the most fun to be had is in simpli watch the peopl interact with each other . 
anni wilson ( cate blanchett ) is a recent widow mother of three son who make her live give psychic read to the resid of her backwat southern hometown . 
some of her mainstay client includ valeri barksdal ( hilari swank ) , who is sever abus by her husband donni ( keanu reev ) , and buddi cole ( giovanni ribisi ) , an unstabl mechan who is confus by the nightmar he 's been have about a mysteri blue diamond that is somehow link to hi father . 
for anni , she doe not give the read mere for money , but use it as a way of seek solac in find the good in everyon 's futur . 
her late grandmoth ( rosemari harri ) told her as a child that it wa a gift she wa given , and she should alway rememb that . 
when anni 's eldest son is involv in a fight at school , she meet the nice-guy school princip , wayn collin ( greg kinnear ) , whom she find herself attract to . 
but wayn is engag to the wealthi jessica king ( kati holm ) , whom anni immedi get a neg vibe about . 
at a parti with her best friend linda ( kim dicken ) , anni stumbl upon jessica in a compromis posit with lawyer david duncan ( gari cole ) . 
soon after , jessica ha disappear , leav everyon in a frenzi over what could have possibl happen to her , and anni start to have nightmar and apparit link jessica with the viciou redneck donni barksdal , and the pond behind hi home . 
`` the gift `` may be clich on a sheer storytel level , but the perform and tight direct from raimi ( who ha redeem himself for hi embarrass last film , 1999 's `` for love of the game `` ) lift the pictur up sever notch . 
slowli envelop the viewer into the mani intrigu charact and their individu plight , the disappear of jessica at the 30-minut mark divulg the movi 's true intent and transform the proceed into a taut , at time frighten , horror-mysteri . 
at the center of the film is the except cate blanchett ( 1999 's `` the talent mr . ripley `` ) , who turn anni wilson from what could have been littl more than a run-of-the-mil protagonist into a veri exact , down-to-earth , realist person with valid troubl and a care attitud toward those around her . 
blanchett take the unextraordinari materi and run with it , give the entir film a truli classi aura that it otherwis might not have had . 
we follow her at everi turn becaus she is so mesmer , both as a charact and an actress . 
blanchett is n't the onli bright perform , as she is abli support by one of the best cast of the year . 
in her first role follow her oscar win for 1999 's `` boy do n't cri , `` hilari swank is excel as the confus valeri , who seek guidanc from anni , but is too scare to take her biggest advic of all : to leav the grossli abus donni . 
as donni , keanu reev ( 2000 's `` the watcher `` ) make an utterli convinc backwood meani , so much so that it is difficult to believ he is an actor at all . 
for the often-critic reev , whose act abil have never been the best , thi is the biggest compliment he could possibl get , and it is also one of the better perform he ha given . 
giovanni ribisi ( 2000 's `` the boiler room `` ) is heartbreak as a mental slow young man who see anni as hi onli friend , and want her to do noth but help him understand whi he is be plagu by bad dream about hi dad . 
in the small , but pivot role of the sleazi jessica king , kati holm ( 2000 's `` wonder boy `` ) ha turn in yet anoth stun support turn . 
her promiscu role of jessica is one she ha never play befor , and she is radiant in her few scene . 
final , kim dicken ( 2000 's `` hollow man `` ) make her usual strong impress as anni 's spici best friend , linda . 
the other notabl aspect of `` the gift `` is it moodi atmospher that lay such a thickli forebod air over everi scene it 's almost suffoc . 
thank to cleverli constru edit by arthur coburn and bob murawski , and the success use of differ eeri sound effect and a veri good music score by christoph young , the movi not onli achiev a scari undercurr , but one that is fill with dread . 
help along by a strong screenplay by billi bob thornton and tom epperson , which make the most of it set and delight cast , `` the gift `` is that rarest of thriller that actual thrill , and offer up a fair share of chill , too . 
it may not be groundbreakingli origin , but it sure is an entertain ride for the durat of it run time . 
