in essenc , good will hunt is an ordinari stori told well . 
taken as a whole , there 's littl that 's special about thi tale -- it follow a tradit narr path , leav the audienc with a warm , fuzzi feel , and never realli challeng or surpris us . 
but it 's intellig written ( with dialogu that is occasion brilliant ) , strongli direct , and nice act . 
so , while good will hunt is far from a late-year masterpiec , it 's a worthwhil sampl of entertain . 
like scent of a woman , which wa releas around thi time of the season five year ago , good will hunt is about the unlik friendship that develop between a world-weari veteran and a cocki young man . 
the formula for the two film is similar -- both of the princip learn from each other as they slowli break down their barrier on the way to a better understand of life and their place in it -- but the charact are differ . 
al pacino 's slade wa a larger-than-lif individu ; robin william ' sean mcguir is much more subtl . 
and matt damon 's will hunt use pugnaci to supplant the bland of chri o'donnel 's charli . 
will is a troubl individu . 
as a child , he wa the frequent victim of abus . 
an orphan , he wa in and out of foster home on a regular basi . 
now , not yet 21 year old , he ha accumul an impress rap sheet . 
he ha a short temper and ani littl incid can set him off like a spark in a tinder box . 
but he 's a mathemat geniu with a photograph memori and the abil to conceiv simpl solut to complex problem . 
while work as a janitor at mit , he delight in anonym prove theorem on the math build 's hall blackboard . 
then , one even , hi anonym is shatter when professor lambeau ( stellan skarsgard ) catch him at work . 
will flee , but lambeau track him down . 
unfortun , by the time the professor find him , will is in jail for assault a polic offer . 
the judg agre to releas will under two condit : that he spend one day a week meet with lambeau and that he spend one day a week meet with a therapist . 
eventu , onc sever psychologist have reject the belliger young man , sean mcguir , a teacher at bunker hill commun colleg , agre to take the case . 
after a rocki start , the two form a rapport and will begin to explor issu and emot he had wall up behind impregn armor . 
and , as will advanc hi self-awar in session with sean , he also learn about friendship from hi buddi , chucki ( ben affleck ) , and love from a harvard co-e name skylar ( minni driver ) . 
the script , by co-star matt damon and ben affleck , is not a groundbreak piec of literatur , and occasion resort to shameless manipul . 
the charact are well-develop , howev , and there are time when the dialogu posit sparkl . 
at one point , will comment that a session with sean is turn into a `` taster 's choic moment . `` 
later , will give a brilliant , breathless diatrib against the nsa that ha the rhythm of someth written by kevin smith . 
( note : sinc smith co-execut produc good will hunt , it 's not out of the question that he had some input into thi scene . ) 
director gu van sant ( drugstor cowboy , to die for ) cull genuin emot from hi actor , and thi result in sever affect and power scene . 
there 's an edgi to some of the sean/wil therapi session , and the offscreen chemistri between matt damon and minni driver ( who becam romant link while make thi film ) translat effect to the movi -- the will/skylar relationship is electr . 
likewis , the companion of damon and affleck is appar in the easygo natur of will and chucki 's friendship . 
mani of the individu scene are strong enough to earn good will hunt a recommend , even if the overal stori is somewhat gener . 
matt damon , who recent star as the idealist young lawyer in the rainmak , is solid ( although not spectacular ) as will . 
minni driver ( last seen in gross point blank ) add anoth strong perform to a grow resum ( and it 's refresh that she wa allow to keep her british accent rather than have to attempt an american one ) . 
the outstand perform of the film belong to robin william , whose sean is sad and wise , funni and somber . 
arguabl the best dramat work in the actor 's career ( alongsid what he did in the fisher king ) , william ' portray could earn him a best support actor oscar nomin . 
adequ support is provid by ben affleck ( chase ami ) and stellan skarsgard ( break the wave ) . 
like most of what come befor it , the end of good will hunt is complet predict . 
but meet expect and follow a familiar path are n't alway bad thing in a movi , provid the film accomplish those goal with a modicum of style and an attent to detail . 
good will hunt doe both , and , as a result , earn a rate commensur with the `` good `` in the titl . 
