clue is an unfairli ignor comedi , veri similar to 1976 's murder by death . 
thi big screen version of the classic board game ( what 's next . . . 
chute and ladder : the motion pictur ? ) is fill with slapstick antic and silli dialogu . 
the plot , for what it 's worth , ha all the charact from the game ( in thi case , the name from the game are use as alias ) meet in an isol mansion to confront mr . boddi ( lee ving ) , the man who 's been blackmail them all . 
when he turn up dead , everyon ( includ the audienc ) must figur out whodunnit . . . 
and in what room , and with what object . 
while not as witti as neil simon 's murder by death , clue definit ha it moment . 
it ha so mani moment in fact that i use a lot of the line from the film when i 'm joke around with my friend . 
to thi day , whenev someon say the phrase `` well , to make a long stori short `` i have the follow up phrase `` too late `` readi to go . 
the cast ( all veri good comed talent ) play well off one anoth , while the late madelin kahn ( as the dark and sultri mr . white ) sometim steal the film away from the rest . 
and colleen camp , as the french maid yvett , display some of her natur talent as well . 
clue is avail on dvd from paramount home video . 
it includ the film in it origin theatric aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( and is enhanc for 16x9 televis ) and featur the origin theatric trailer . 
a french languag audio track is also avail . 
the trailer hold up well consid most preview from that time do not , and it even includ a scene not in the film itself ( a scene that should have been in the film , as it 's a good joke ) . 
also , the trailer is score to the music from airplan ! , which wa an interest choic . 
when clue play in theater , it ran with the gimmick of three differ end . 
if you want to see all three , you had to go to the movi three separ time . 
so when the film wa releas on home video , rather than releas three separ video , all three end were includ on one tape . . . 
the first two end be `` what if ? `` 
end and the third end be the actual end . 
now for the dvd releas you get two choic . 
you can watch the film as it wa present on home video or you can select to watch it with one of the three end randomli chosen for you . 
( note : there 's an easter egg hidden in the disc pertain to thi . 
after watch the film with a randomli select end , when you return to the menu screen you will be abl to highlight the larg magnifi glass and select it . 
when you do , a secret menu open , allow you to watch ani of the three end by themselv . ) 
now while i applaud the effort of paramount here , as they clearli tri to do someth special with the disc , it just doe n't work well . 
first , whi not give the viewer the choic of what end we want to watch ? 
mayb someon like myself who 's seen the movi hundr of time would like to sit down and show it to someon with the second end onli . 
i 'm no technic dvd expert , but i ca n't imagin that be too hard to accomplish . 
secondli , the delay between when the film itself end and one of the end begin is too long and too obviou , therebi becom a distract right when you definit do n't need a distract . 
final , the back of the dvd case state `` and now , with thi special dvd version , you can see all 3 surpris end `` . 
i have no idea whi they would word it that way , sinc that 's not a special featur in the slightest . 
the video ha been out for fifteen year now ( good lord , ha it been that long ? ) and it 's play on televis with all three end all the time . 
these are mere minor complaint howev , see that i 've watch the home video version hundr of time and have no problem watch the film as such on the dvd . 
the pictur and sound are wonder improv over my worn out vh copi , and i 'm thrill that paramount agre with me that clue is a film worthi of be preserv on thi great digit format . 
[ pg ] 
