i find most of televis so intens bore that i simpli never turn on my set , unless i 'm watch a movi . 
i do n't even have cabl , so i went to radio shack to buy an antenna specif for the purpos of watch `` the x-file `` everi sunday night . 
it 's the onli show that 's worth an hour of my time each week ( though , sinc i do n't watch rerun , i 'm glad that i have six month of the year to avoid televis altogeth ) . 
i am an avid fan of the show , and have been for about three year now . 
and i love gillian anderson . 
the x-file is the film that continu the stori where the season final left off . 
the film is like a two-hour episod , except that there are a lot more special effect , the plot is thicker , and the resolut is more satisfi . 
thi is a terrif film , both for fan of the seri and for those who have never seen it ( i imagin that viewer unfamiliar with the show will find the film to be solid and rivet entertain ) . 
i expect to like it more than ani episod i 've seen , and my expect were met . 
actual , the film take a few risk in it stori and plot devic , but , thank , the maker manag to do it right . 
when the final end , the fbi branch known as the x-file had been destroy , and our hero , mulder ( david duchovni ) and sculli ( gillian anderson ) were left strip of five year of hard work . 
the film pick up soon after ; and mulder and sculli have been reduc to field agent investig a bomb threat in a feder build . 
but wait , i 'm get ahead of myself . 
the film actual open in the ice age , about 32 , 000 year prior , dure which a coupl of prehistor guy get attack by a viciou alien . 
the alien 's blood infect them ( fan of the show will certainli rememb the black cancer ) , and the stori jump into modern time , dure which a young boy is also infect with the cancer . 
it turn out that the bomb wa plant to kill the boy , and mulder and sculli uncov the cover-up despit the fact that sculli ha resign from her posit in the fbi . 
soon , they find out that the whole thing ha to do with alien . 
as i 've written befor , it 's not easi to write plot summari for film like thi , becaus everyth need to be a surpris . 
fan of the show will know what to expect , and i serious doubt ani of them be disappoint with the film . 
director rob bowman ha done a great job expand the eeri feel of the show to the big screen , make small adjust and minor chang to util the possibl that film allow over televis . 
there are some truli suspens and well-creat scene here ( late in the film , when they 're in the alien spacecraft , you 'll see one of the better action sequenc in recent cinema ) . 
the special effect are veri good , and the product design by christoph nowak is fantast . 
what i find interest is that the x-file is actual a great way for seri neophyt to get into the stori . 
our hero are given subtl introduct ( we 're not expect to know them on the outset ) , and the film explain enough of the stori that prior knowledg of the seri is n't requir to understand the film . 
there are , of cours , littl element that the maker have includ as payoff to the fan , but i 'll keep those as surpris . 
it take a lot of thought and understand of the seri to creat a film use root as complic as the one that the seri provid , and then creat a coher film that anyon can understand clearli . 
the seri is strong for a lot of reason . 
it 's origin ( though it ha mani tie to `` the twilight zone `` and owe some homag to hitchcock ) , and impress eeri for a televis show . 
what realli make the seri shine , howev , are the actor . 
duchovni ha so much presenc , and is just a fun guy to watch . 
he ha that confid that will someday make him into a bankabl lead man . 
anderson is equal good , and paralyzingli beauti ; she 's also a strong actress . 
both perform have act in littl more than their seri , howev , though i think they 'll both get their chanc to prove themselv veri soon . 
i enthusiast recommend the x-file , both for fan and non-fan . 
1998 is a summer fill with disappoint blockbust , and thi film should satisfi where most of the other leav you complet dri . 
it 's an intellig film , and take you place that you might not have been ( or , at least , might not have seen so mani time that they feel familiar ) . 
the x-file is impress in concept , as well : fan of the seri are like to be highli critic , and to take the premis beyond the seri is a riski move . 
it 's nice to see a risk pay off for a chang . 
actual , it 's nice to see a risk at all . 
