confess time : i have never , ever seen gone with the wind . 
i do n't know whi , realli . 
have n't want to check it out on video , have n't been at home the night it wa on network tv , and it wa too far to drive the last time it wa on the big-screen . 
so right up front , i 'll admit that i do n't know what the heck i 'm talk about , but here goe . . . 
is titan the gone with the wind of the 1990 's ? 
mayb that 's go a littl bit too far . 
as good a job as leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet do in thi movi , they 're no clark gabl and vivien leigh . 
but . . . 
the parallel are there . 
gwtw wa the first movi to take real advantag of the most revolutionari technolog avail -- technicolor . 
titan take revolutionari step forward in seamlessli integr comput graphic design with actor . 
gwtw place america 's greatest tragedi in the background of a classic love stori , titan doe the same with the atlant 's most legendari tragedi . 
they both have strong-wil redhead heroin , they both exploit the class differ between the aristocraci and the slaves/steerag bum , they were both incred expens and popular . . . 
ok , mayb that 's not enough parallel . 
so titan 's not in gwtw 's leagu . 
no matter . 
titan is a great movi in it own right , complet with spill , thrill and ( especi ) chill . 
much ha been made of the humong cost of the product , and all of the care than went into make the huge luxuri liner come aliv again . 
the money wa obvious well-spent . 
the costum look great , the set look great , the cgi graphic look great . 
i especi like the expens littl touch , like spend ton of money on authent titan china onli to break it all on the floor as the ship sink . 
but writer/director/produc jame cameron 's real challeng in writing/directing/ produc titan wa n't just costum and set design and special effect . 
cameron 's major headach wa keep the audienc interest in a tale where everybodi know the end go in . 
he succe master . 
cameron doe two thing that work incred well . 
first , he show us modern-day salvag oper on titan ( that 's just `` titan `` , not `` the titan `` , mind you ) . 
the first glimps we get of titan is the ship in it present state , corrod slowli away under the hammer pressur of the north atlant , from the window of a minisub pilot by treasur hunter brock lovett ( bill paxton ) . 
televis coverag of the explor of titan intrigu 101-year-old rose calvert ( gloria stuart ) , who surviv the wreck in 1912 . 
stuart doe a phenomen job in a brief role , narrat the stori of her experi to a stun paxton and hi roughneck crew . 
secondli , cameron keep the storylin focus almost exclus on the rose charact , and the romant triangl between rose ( winslet ) , her bastard millionair fiance cal hockley ( billi zane ) and the irrepress young artist jack daswon ( dicaprio ) . 
the way that big-budget disast movi usual go wrong is to have an all-star cast , so we see the impact of the disast on a wide group of peopl . 
cameron wise choos to stick with rose and jack , while pay scant heed to the celebr on board . 
the support cast is profession , but mostli anonym -- other than kathi bate as the unsink molli brown , there 's no moment when you stop and say , oh , yeah , i know him , what 's he been in . 
( although i would like to have seen colm meaney in a white star uniform , or even as the ill-fat engin . ) 
the love stori itself is rather convent . 
i think some review found it weak , and that may be a fair critic . 
the perform are the key here . 
zane ha the meatiest part in the movi , and he play the arrog , condescend steel millionair to the hilt . 
he 's smooth , he look great in a tuxedo , and he 's a convinc enough jerk that the winslet-dicaprio relationship look plausibl . 
at the moment when he see a littl girl too frighten to get aboard a lifeboat , you can hear the wheel in hi mind turn , say not `` can i save thi littl girl ? `` , 
but `` can she help me get on a lifeboat ? `` 
dicaprio is a revel . 
i had n't seen him befor in anyth , and did n't know what the heck to expect , realli . 
( honestli , i expect a bad irish accent , but cameron evid decid that wa a bad idea , so dicaprio play a poor american artist who win a ticket in a poker game . ) 
dicaprio exhibit an infecti joy at be aliv , and be on the titan , that it 's hard not to like him . 
from the moment that the ship leav port until it hit the iceberg , dicaprio ha to carri the movi and keep our interest , and he never falter . 
winslet 's charact grow up a lot dure the movi , and so doe her perform . 
at first , she 's not requir to do anyth but wear period cloth and look drop-dead gorgeou . 
we know from the narrat that she 's monstrous unhappi with her arrang marriag to zane , but there is n't ani express of these feel until she encount dicaprio . 
winslet and dicaprio develop a chemistri that manag to propel the movi along until the ship hit the iceberg . 
it 's at that moment where winslet 's charact realli come aliv . 
face with real danger , she drop her spoiled-rich-girl manner and doe a splendid job . 
as rose and jack race around the doom ship , look for shelter from the freez water and cal 's fieri temper , winslet turn in a superb act perform , mix courag and compass and anger with sheer shriek terror . 
of cours , the most interest charact is the ship itself . 
cameron ha clearli fallen in love with titan , and show her in everi mood -- as a desert wreck , down in the boiler room , up on the bridg , down in the hold , at the captain 's tabl , down in steerag -- and manag to bring the great ship back from the dead . 
cameron 's greatest gift is that he allow us to fall in love with titan as well . 
