the rocki horror pictur show 'special edit ' ( 1975 ) 
star : tim curri and susan sarandon 
cult film are never mainstream . 
the casual viewer of a cult film will look at it and be repuls and confus , yell out 'what the hell is that ? ' . 
fan of these sort of movi will be laugh at everi other second at all the 'hidden joke ' they miss the first time around while normal movi watcher will look at them like they 're insan . 
the rocki horror pictur show , recent re-releas in a 'special edit ' to video , is the mother of all cult film . 
period . 
like some other cult film , most notabl littl shop of horror , the rocki horror pictur show is a music with a twist edg to it . 
thi movi begin out innoc enough- a coupl get engag at a friend 's wed and get a flat tire in the middl of the night while it 's rain . 
they go to a castl to tri to use the phone . 
littl do they know that the castl is own by dr . frank n . furter , a mad transexu transvestit scientist who ha recent creat a creatur he will use for person reason . 
the act is pretti good overal . 
tim curri ( home alon 2 , legend ) is over-the-top as frank n . furter . 
it 's interest to see that thi movi wa one of futur oscar winner susan sarandon 's ( dead man walk ) first film- she play janet , the girlfriend of brad major . 
even the singer meatloaf is in it ! ! 
the song are all veri good yet twist in their own way . 
a sampl of titl rang from damn it , janet to touch-a touch-a touch-a touch me . 
all the actor sing their song with no dub from other actors- kind of a bad thing . 
barri bostwick ( brad major ) tri to sing as doe susan sarandon , but tim curri is clearli the most profession have extens stage experi . 
meatloaf sing like meatloaf . 
the new special edit contain two origin movi trailer of the film as well as two song delet from the origin version . 
sadli , the song are tack after the credits- kind of defeat the purpos . 
if you want to see a differ film , watch thi one ! ! 
