now , let first look into the histori of shark film . 
there wa the unforgett jaw . 
the excit jaw 2 . the rather flaki jaw 3d and sometim in the late 90 anoth film of the same genr that i ca n't seem to recal ( about the son of jaw return to wreak reveng or someth like that ) . 
now , with the magic of cgi , one shark is simpli not enough ; in deep blue sea , there are 3 big , mean and realli smart one ! 
russel frankiln ( jackson ) visit aquatica ( a sea-bound research center ) , where a research is be conduct on the extract of a hormon substanc found uniqu within the shark brain that can cure and revers the effect of alzheim 's diseas . 
the substanc is small in quantiti and becaus of thi , lead research dr . susan macalaest genet alter the shark dna and grow them twice the size with brain as big as human , natur produc more of the much treasur hormon . 
as sure as the sun set in the west , a shark break lose and wreak havoc within the facil dure a hormon extract procedur . 
with the flexibl offer by cgi , the shark get more full-length screen time as their predecessor did in those remote-control rubber suit day . 
gone are the day of peopl get pull under the water with the water turn red right after . 
thi time , we get to see the entir gobbl action , with float limb and all . 
so-so act , expect in most of your averag action film . 
jackson ( fresh from hi jedi master role in the phantom menac ) , take on the dark-sid forc of a differ kind and fit well with hi wise-crack line . 
ll cool j 's cook role as preacher , doe for thi film what steven seagal 's cook could onli dream to achiev in hi two under sieg film . 
deep blue sea doe not offer ani of the psycholog thrill that jaw ha to offer . 
it doe howev , prove to be a refresh follow-up within the genr , full of visual thrill , suspens and believ it or not  humour ! 
it like jurass park under water . 
noth too stress , pure entertain . 
renni harlin , you are forgiven ( for make cutthroat island ) . 
