it must be some sort of warp critic nightmar : the best movi of the year would be a summer vehicl , a jim carrey vehicl at that . 
and so it is . 
_the truman show_ is the most perplex , craze , paranoid and rib-tickl moral play i 've seen sinc i-don't-know-when . 
do n't credit carrey . 
it start with andrew niccol ( gattaca ) , who creat the script ten year ago . 
the stori , replet with sublt religi and philisoph underton , is about a man who discov that everi day of hi exist ha been televis for a mass audienc . 
( iron , it wa within these past ten year that `` reality-bas `` televis have becom a predomin fixtur into our cultur . 
who knew ? ) 
one-up niccol , it wa when unlik candidate-director peter weir took the helm that thing fell into place . 
weir had the nearli imposs task to creat the unimit tone , deftli mix capra with kafka , throw georg bailey in a univers inhabit by rod serl . 
it wa weir 's first stroke of geniu to creat seahaven : a suburban paradise/prison that would make spielberg cower in shame . 
for exampl , bystander-extra would walk around the block incessantli with flower along with the latest issu of _dog fancy_ . 
the nicest touch are the plethora of subtl hint for truman to _not_ leav the island . 
credit weir for hi second stroke : the cast of carrey . 
carrey seem to be the type of charact actor who would alway turn `` on `` and act goofi whenev the camera is near . 
not here . 
hi perform is so subvert you sometim wonder if he is ever awar the camera is on . 
and although carrey doe not deserv an academi award nomin ( just as well , the academi rare honor goofi comedian , except robin william ) , he stretch enough to alter hi hyper-silli imag consider . 
play one who ha the camera constantli invad hi most intim moment turn to be quit the role of jim carrey 's life . 
no pun intend . 
better in a smaller , more pivot role is ed harri as christof , who mix the right amount of hi apollo 13 `` work the problem , peopl `` charact with dustin hoffman 's megaglomaniac produc in _wag the dog_ , and then onli slightli svengalian . 
it is clear that he is torn between the nielson rate and truman 's well be . 
ye , in hi own misguid way he love truman as a father to a son , and ha provid the best univers he could provid . 
he think . 
round out the cast is natascha mcelhon ( mr . 
dalloway ) as carrey 's true `` forbidden love `` , sylvia , veri effect in anoth pivot small role . 
laura linney ( congo ) and noah emmerich ( copland ) have the unfortun task of play truman 's wife and best friend ; their sitcom-ish dialogu allow littl room for ani authent charact develop . 
the except is at the veri begin , where they speak into the camera , wholeheartedli believ that their particip is truli good for truman , and for societi in gener . 
there are other littl problem with the script . 
are we to assum that toddler truman had no recollect of hear the construct of such a gigant dome dure hi form year ? 
wa there ani reason as to whi in one scene , it rain sole on truman , even though it never had to ? 
how is it they hire hundr of extra , and none of them could drive a boat , and yet truman , fear of water , is helm a sailboat effortlessli ? 
and could n't christof have turn off the wind , to strand truman at sea ? 
these littl contriv , howev , do not hold a candl to the overal effect of the work . 
the audienc get the feel that it is watch the actual show , and we are drawn to truman 's mundan exist for no other reason than it is there . 
the final result effortlessli combin the emot happi end of a mainstream pictur with a gnaw discomfort that hit you squar in the gut . 
upon leav the theater , i wa look up in the sky , wonder if it wa noth more than a gigant dome . 
just check . 
