review : a dog of flander is the stori of an ador littl boy name nello and hi trial and tribul in 19th centuri flander . 
live with hi grandfath jehan ( jack warden ) in poverti , nello find happi in hi life in spite of difficult time ( they are rent a spare one-room cottag , and the greedi , malevol landlord who own it threaten to throw them ` out of the hous ' if they do n't pay the rent ) . 
nello also ha a rather creativ talent for draw some of the most beauti pictur that i have ever seen , in either a movi or in real life . 
( hi hero is peter paul ruben , the great flemish painter of the 17th centuri . ) 
not that these are the onli thing that make nello 's life happi , howev . 
he ha a dog of flander , whom he name patrasch , who is a heroic rin-tin-tin of the 19th centuri , whom he rescu from hi cruel , unkind master . 
in addit , he even ha a best friend ( and futur sweetheart ) in the love , wealthi alois , whose father strongli disapprov of her hang out with ` lower-class ' nello . 
( he think he 's not good enough for her , and he would hate the idea of the two kid marri . ) 
but then , he wa a poor guy himself befor he marri ( as mention later on in the film ) . 
one day , nello encount a mysteri , yet kindheart artist name michel la grand ( play wonder by jon voight ) , who tell the boy to keep draw from hi heart , and that perhap one day he might land a career in be an artist . 
and everi christma , there is a contest on which is the most beauti paint of the year ; the winner get a lot of money . 
eager to save hi home ( and hi age , die grandfath ) , nello willingli decid to becom an artist , ask alois to pose for him . 
one night , the two travel to a circu , where they have their fortun told ? one of the film 's most delight scene ? that great happi is destin for them . 
she give the kid a ring , whom nello place on alois 's hand . 
; ) afterward , the two kid have a rollickingli good time danc around in front of circu perform . 
unfortun , thing are not all ` la-dee-dah ' in thi tale . 
alois 's father final becom so angri with nello that he forbid him to ever see alois again . 
bad enough that they ca n't see each other ( although we know nello and alois , do n't we ? ) , but that 's onli the start of nello 's troubl . 
alois 's farm is burn down , and nello is wrong accus ( by the landord of hi cottag ) for start the fire in order to take reveng on be forbidden to see alois . 
thi decreas nello 's reput around the town , save alois and her parent , and a kindli miller , william , who is veri sweet to nello everi time he drop by . 
matter get much wors for nello when hi grandfath die , and he ha to pay for hi funer . 
but then thing realli get nasti when the landlord exil nello from hi own home ( for not pay hi rental ) ? permanetli . 
thi mean that nello and patrasch have to starv and walk out in the cold , freez wind . 
worst of all , the paint that he ha desper been work on dure all thi time , ` the portrait of the princess ' , fail to win the prize at the festiv . 
now nello and patrasch are realli depress , and close to freez to death . 
will nello be abl to find ani happi in hi life ? 
will patrasch save the day ? 
will nello make the fate trip to join hi mother and grandfath in paradis ? 
a dog of flander is a delight , heartwarm famili film that is sure to entertain kid of all age . 
even older one who consid themselv too ` sophist ' for kiddi fare will be surpris to hear that thi film is for grown-up , too . 
there have been other movi of thi ilk ( boy and dog ) , and while thi one fall into that categori , it is mostli a stori about overcom difficulti and find a good home for yourself . 
move over ? or rather , roll over ? old yeller , thi dog of flander is a heartwarm delight . 
the cinematographi , courtesi of walther van den end is beauti , and realli add to the power drama of the film . 
it also give a feel of be in flander ( the whole film wa respect shot in flander ) . 
the music from richard friedman is also remark ; an evoc , poignant score that recaptur music from the 19th centuri . 
the open song over the credit is veri beauti ( i hope the soundtrack is avail ! ) , and there 's a brief excerpt of ` cheer up , charli ' from willi wonka and the chocol factori ( sung by alois , to nello , in anoth delight scene ) . 
the cast is first-rat : jess jame and jeremi jame kissner , who play nello , are some of the most endear , ador young star i have ever seen in my whole life ( so are the girl who play alois , madylin sweeten as the younger , and farren monet as the older ) . 
not that they are the onli good star , howev . 
jack warden is ideal as jehan , elicit just the right amount of humor and compass requir for the charact . 
( the scene involv him and nello are heartwarm , touch one . ) 
also , bruce mcgill is charm as the kindli miller william . 
he 's anoth one of my favorit charact in the film . 
but jon voight , as i mention befor , is the perfect choic for michel . 
he bring a mysteri , yet gentl perform that make us all feel good again when he reassur insecur nello that he * can * win the contest . 
but what make thi film fun to watch is how well-defin the charact are , and the pace of the stori ( best of all , it ha a happi end ? though i will * not * give it away ; sorri ) is strong and power enough for us to identifi with the charact . 
for the first time sinc the begin of 1999 , there come a film which doe n't reli on popular formula stuff , such as big-budget special effect , commerci rock soundtrack , or ani of that stuff . 
thi one reli on tell a fulli character-ori stori , with just the right amount of heart , humor , and drama . 
that , to me , is what make a dog of flander all the more delight . 
eleanor o'sullivan of ` the home news & tribun ' notic thi , and wa kind and gener enough to welcom it : ` for want of a better word , a glow surround a dog of flander . 
it heart is in the right place and it engag you . 
you can guess where the film is go becaus thi is well-travel territori , but with pro like voight and appeal young perform like kissner , an often-told stori is well worth a revisit . ' 
in addit , there were a coupl of other enthusiast , such as chicago-sun time and the washington post ( you should read their review ; they 're realli posit ) . 
other critic , howev , were not so kind . 
stephen holden of ` the new york time ' had more than a share of beat to lay upon a dog of flander via pen write . 
he found the film to be a ` sea of sugari bromid ' and condemn mr . voight 's charact as ` hopelessli wooden ? adopt an accent even more indetermin than the one he came up with for anaconda . ' 
in addit , ` entertain weekli ' slam-dunk the film , condemn it as ` the worst famili film of the year . ' 
there have been so mani other bad review like thi , too . 
my suggest : disregard the critic . 
they just have a big problem with touch famili film , and one should never pay attent to them . 
thi dog of flander may onli be a littl ` famili ' movi ( it probabl wo n't be a big hit in the style of titan , but then again no other film ha been sinc then ) , but that is not a bad thing in and of itself . 
thi is a stori that is sure to warm your heart , and that is what realli matter about a dog of flander . 
it is also one of the better famili film around thi year . 
none of the other film i have seen thi year ( though they were good ) have been so low-key and touch . 
if you 're look for family-styl entertain , look no further than thi charm boy-and-dog yarn . 
go see it while you still can , for as i mention , it might not be a big bow-wow at the box offic for a long time . 
see it while you can . 
there is realli no need to compar a multi-million dollar blockbust such as star war : episod i ? the phantom menac or tarzan , or even the iron giant with a tender , sweet littl famili movi . 
