one never quit know what one is go to get with a mamet film . 
hi american buffalo is a set-bound piec that ha veri littl plot . 
sometim he will tell a stori that realli move . 
heist is mamet do hi most entertain work . 
unlik hi the spanish prison , there are no laps in credibl . 
heist is probabl the best mamet thriller sinc hous of game . 
it is the kind of plot with which you are never sure who will double-cross whom , and frequent it is mamet double-cross the viewer . 
watch the film 's team get around secur the viewer is frequent ask himself either `` what the heck are they do ? `` 
or `` whi did n't anybodi think of that befor ? `` 
appropri enough heist open with a veri clever jewelri store job . 
it is so clever that one wonder if mamet realli think up all these idea himself or if he ha help from profession magician and con expert ricki jay , now a regular actor in mamet film . 
thi is a robberi that work like a well-oil machin . 
there is just one problem and it is enough to get joe moor ( play by gene hackman ) film on a secur camera . 
now joe ha to get out of the busi . 
it wa come time anyway . 
joe 's team includ bobbi blane ( delroy lindo ) , fran moor ( rebecca pidgeon ) , and pinki pincu ( ricki jay ) is go to split up and go separ way . 
but crime boss bergman ( danni devito ) is pull the string and he say that joe and hi peopl have to manag one more robberi . 
and he ha to take along a young kid , the short- fuse jimmi silk ( sam rockwel ) . 
immedi it is obviou that there is more go on than meet the eye . 
much of what distinguish heist is mamet 's dialog . 
remark it serv a doubl purpos . 
the robberi team sound at onc veri profession and at the same time it ha mamet 's special feel for dialog . 
hackman ha line like `` everybodi need money . 
that 's whi they call it money . `` 
mamet 's time is perfect in the direct but terribl in the product . 
the plot is coincident a lot like the plot of the recent the score , which is , in fact , a veri similar stori . 
both are good film , perhap for some of the same reason . 
but at least on a high level they are much the same stori . 
the other problem with the time of heist is that it involv airport secur and clever way to get around them . 
i saw the film at the toronto intern film festiv on septemb 12 , 2001 . 
that made the subject matter just a littl too time . 
my understand is that the releas will be delay . 
my biggest problem with the film is that rebecca pidgeon 's act at time seem veri poor . 
it is some kind of mamet trademark i do not understand to have women talk without inflect , as if they are just read the word for the first time . 
it is an irrit and distract us from what is otherwis a veri good thriller . 
it is one i rate an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a high +2 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
