'contact ' show whi jodi foster is one of our best actress . 
see contact with your famili . 
it is a movi for all age . 
-- a review by stuart cracraft 
contact star : jodi foster , matthew mcconaughey , john hurt director : robert zemecki star 
after a predict mit phillip morrison powers-of-10 zoom-out start ( which can be surpris to those not familiar with prof . morrison 's work ) , contact pick up steam , gradual , build , by-the-end , an irresist juggernaut and a veri good movi that doe not as is so often the case fall out-of-bal in term of too much pander to the technolog `` geek `` side . 
by the end , the audienc is left with what good scienc fiction is suppos to do : evok a sens of wonder about the univers and evok question in your mind about what 's out there . 
thi movi doe not let technolog overshadow character and in thi sens it is unusu amongst high-tech movi . 
howev , except for jodi foster ( eli arroway ) and john hurt ( s . r . 
hadden ) , who are both actor of except calib , the support cast are not especi impress . 
hurt certainli ha had better role ( stephen ward in scandal ) . 
thi one , as the multi-billionar hadden , doe not do hi act skill justic . 
thi is clearli a foster movi by one of the great hollywood light of our gener . 
foster 's radianc ha never been more strong than in the scene where she final meet the vegan on their term . 
earli scene take a long , long time to build up to thi . 
the movi 's pace is veri good and subtl . 
the panorama of the radio dish at arecibo and ceti in new mexico and puerto rico are beauti . 
the polit of foster 's charact attempt to obtain fund for research at these place are trite and predict howev . 
one of the most entertain , but veri short scene , is when foster is confront by rob low , dure a cabinet-level presidenti meet to discuss the alien invit . 
there were real spark in thi scene between foster and low and it would behoov them to consid other vehicl in which thi dynam could be explor . 
it is the onli scene in the movi in which there were tremend dynam between two charact . 
everyth els wa veri one-sid ( e . g . 
foster ) . 
low can stand up to foster and it show in that scene at the cabinet tabl . 
the core scene of the movi is set on a surrealist beach on a far-away world in the starsystem of vega . 
it feel a lot like scienc fiction writer john varley 's scene in hi book steel beach , where the femal protagonist encount an immens superior intellig , in one case a comput manufactur by mankind itself , and in foster 's case , an illus drawn from her memori . 
in anoth sens , thi immens move scene evok gene roddenberri 's star trek pilot the cage , later the menageri , when jeffrey hunter and susan oliv have their memori manipul to creat new world in which they live and encount alien . 
the concept is not new , by ani sens , in the world of scienc fiction . 
but the beach scene , which is the centerpiec of the film , as is the whole film , is driven by foster . 
freed from her need to direct by director zemecki , foster is abl to let it all hang out in the character and the lead she provid to her support cast . 
as the movi gain speed , foster 's act intensifi and the audienc realli doe experi it with her . 
it is certainli oscar-calib act , unquestion . 
the support cast doe well and zemecki throw in some humor with some presid clinton cameo , cleverli manipul , georg stephanopolus-styl , to seem veri forrest gump . 
in fact , zemecki et . 
al . 
got in troubl for the usag of some of the footag seen in the movi , vi a vi clinton . 
but the audienc i attend thi movi with just had some good chuckl at clinton 's walk-on . 
the much-discuss tension between scienc and religion in thi movi is not particularli insight to those who have alreadi gone through thi cours though it is help to those in the audienc who have not . 
also , the near-fin scene , in a senat judiciari hear room is disappoint . 
contact is a fit memori to the memori of carl sagan , scienc popular , and sometim pedant gadfli of the hall of academ . 
perhap now , sagan can be said to be with hi dragon of eden . 
