scream 2 is n't quit as clever as it predecessor , but it fill the gap with a cut wit . 
death -- even gruesom , bloodi death -- can be funni if handl the right way ( some will be offend by thi statement , but you need look no further than pulp fiction for an exampl ) . 
and , while there 's plenti of horror to go around in scream 2 , the latest '90 slasher flick incarn , there are also a few laugh to be had . 
scream 2 is a slice-and-dic movi for those who do n't take their horror too serious . 
the success of the origin scream took everyon in the industri by surpris . 
the unexpect blockbust , whose gross soar over the $ 100 million mark dure it six month releas window , open just about a year ago and turn into one of the most profit horror film of all time . 
a sequel wa inevit ; fortun , nearli the entir creativ team ha return for scream 2 , includ director we craven , screenwrit kevin williamson , and actor neve campbel , courtney cox , david arquett , jami kennedi , and liev schreiber . 
as stipul by one of the `` rule of sequel `` utter by a movie- obsess charact in the film , the bodi count in scream 2 is higher than that in the origin . 
paradox , there 's a lot less gore . 
there is blood , of cours , but noth excess by slasher-movi standard , and there are no depict of spill entrail . 
craven ha rememb that scare are more import that graphic display of human insid and bodili fluid . 
a second strength of scream 2 is that it featur a galleri of legitim charact rather than a group of cardboard cut-out stereotyp line up for slaughter . 
after all , we 've known some of these peopl for two movi -- it 's almost imposs not to care about them at least a littl . 
scream 2 open approxim two year after the origin . 
as in the first pictur , there 's a slick , self-mock prologu . 
thi time , the victim are jada pinkett and omar epp , whose charact are visit a local theater for a preview screen of the movi stab ( which is base on the `` true life `` event of scream ) . 
some of the smartest dialogu come dure thi sequenc as pinkett bemoan the lack of african american particip in horror film ( it 's sure no coincid that , in addit to pinkett and epp , scream 2 featur two black charact ) . 
shortli thereaft , she and her boyfriend have been gut , signal the begin of a seri of copycat murder . 
craven let loos a burst of tongue-in-cheek creativ for the `` movi within a movi `` sequenc . 
they give him an opportun to openli parodi scream -- an act that he accomplish with great panach . 
stab featur heather graham in the `` casey becker `` role ( play in the origin by drew barrymor ) and tori spell as `` sidney prescott `` ( neve campbel ) . 
sadli , we onli see a coupl of scene from stab . 
it would have been a littl more fun , i think , had craven use joe dant 's approach from matine and shown lengthi excerpt from hi satir product . 
follow the prologu , we are re-introduc to sidney prescott , who ha left her sleepi hometown to go to windsor colleg . 
her friend randi ( jami kennedi ) is a student there as well , and he 's just as knowledg about horror film as ever . 
onc the doubl murder at stab becom big news , the media converg on windsor , look to interview the origin victim . 
at the head of the flock of vultur is gale weather ( courtney cox ) , who ha a littl surpris for sidney . 
she ha brought cotton weari ( liev schreiber ) , the man sidney fals accus of murder , with her . 
also arriv at the colleg is deputi dewey ( david arquett ) , who is there to act as a big brother to sidney dure thi latest round of tribul . 
in addit to the survivor from the origin scream , the field of potenti victim is well-popul . 
there 's a blond co-e name cece ( sarah michel gellar , who ha now appear in two of williamson 's movi -- thi one and i know what you did last summer ) ; sidney 's requisit boyfriend , derek ( jerri o'connel ) ; a local newswoman ( lauri metcalf ) ; gale 's new cameraman ( duan martin ) ; a british drama teacher ( david warner ) ; and sever soror sister and would-b soror sister ( portia de rossi , rebecca gayheart , elis neal , marisol nichol ) . 
ultim , there are lot of attract corps . 
from the stab scene to line like `` brother do n't last long in situat like thi , `` craven and williamson are clearli have a lot of fun with scream 2 , and the movi is enjoy , if a littl overlong ( the liveli first hour is better than the second ) . 
their resolut to the obligatori `` whodunit ? `` 
is less of a letdown than it could be , and knowingli offer a wink and nod at past unmask scene . 
( `` nice twist , `` quip the killer . 
`` did n't see it come , didya ? `` ) 
one sens , howev , that , by the end of thi pictur , the overal concept of a hip , self-referenti slasher film ha been play out . 
supposedli , there 's go to be a scream 3 , but , if the film maker do n't come up with someth radic , we could end up with a classic case of sequel overkil . 
