jonathan demm 's _beloved_ , base on the book toni morrison , is a studi in skill literari adapt . 
on the one hand , the film manag to recreat key moment from the novel , evok morrison 's pragmat narr style without use her authori voic . 
on the other hand , belov omit the some of the finer detail of the book , favor an ambigu defin back stori upon which to build the stori 's main event . 
thi choic is a smartli made one , for it creat an open space in which the stori 's wide rang of emot can gestat and grow . 
inde , the impact of the film is so protract that much of it can not be felt until long after the end credit have roll . 
_beloved_ take place in the second half of the 19th centuri , dure the so-cal reconstruct era after the civil war . 
for newly-fre slave , it is a time of confus and turmoil . 
oprah winfrey is seth , a slave who escap a kentucki plantat and took her children to an ohio farmhous , where she hope the terror would end . 
what she did not know wa that it would follow her there , and remain with her long after the physic threat had vanish . 
_beloved_ ultim tell the stori of seth 's search for forgiv , one long-hamp by an unforgett sin . 
the film start off on a dreari day ten year after seth 's escap , as a violent , unseen energi rock her dilapid farmhous . 
invis hand terror her famili , fling object across room , shake tabl , rattl floorboard . 
seth 's son run away , perhap for good , leav seth and her daughter denver to fend for themselv . 
demm 's matter-of-fact handl of thi supernatur element is just one of _beloved_ 's intrigu aspect . 
all of the charact take for grant that ghost are real . 
when paul d ( danni glover ) -- a former slave who escap kentucki along with seth -- arriv at the hous eight year later and is confront with the ghost 's hellish vision , he doe n't run in terror . 
instead , he ask who the ghost is . 
as in morrison 's novel , demm quickli establish that the horror of the stori will not come from the fact of the ghost itself , but from the terrifi past in which the ghost wa creat . 
seth is the one be haunt , but the ghost in the hous is the least of her fear . 
in fact , the ghost is one of the reason she choos to stay . 
the stori take an bizarr turn with the appear of belov ( thandi newton ) , a young black-clad woman who appear on seth 's front lawn , lean christ-lik against a tree stump . 
seth and denver immedi take to the rasp woman and tri to nurs her to health . 
they know not who she is , but that doe n't matter . 
onli paul d is suspici of the stranger . 
littl doe the famili know that belov will bring about mani chang , and forc seth to releas a guilt she ha held onto so urgent for eighteen year . 
winfrey is arguabl belov 's greatest asset . 
she inhabit the role of seth so convincingli it is hard to believ thi is the same woman who shine brightli on a tv talk show . 
lisa gay hamilton doe an impress job in the emot demand role as the younger seth , whose appal action make her the disturb woman we see eighteen year later . 
danni glover is affabl as the sympathet paul d , as is kimberli elis as denver , seth 's wanderlust daughter . 
as seth 's sage-lik mother-in-law old babi sugg , beah richard authorit command everi scene in which she appear . 
the film 's least palat choic of cast is unfortun that of the role of belov herself . 
thandi newton play the glassy-ey girl with a dement fervor which is endear at first , but which becom off-put and unintent laughabl by the end . 
depart from the hone aesthet he use in such film as _the silenc of the lambs_ and _melvin & howard_ , director demm ha use a bit of dramat overstat to get across the vivid descript in morrison 's novel . 
totem camera shot and color-satur sceneri are decidedli uncommon in demm 's film , but the few he use here work to the film 's benefit . 
_beloved_ 's most memor scene are those of babi sugg ' gather in a forest clear , where the bright yellow-green of natur entranc the viewer as much as sugg ' word do . 
for the most part , though , demm maintain hi trademark directori neutral . 
thi , combin with morrison 's equal frugal method of storytel , may make _beloved_ somewhat of a challeng to watch , even to those familiar with the book . 
though the film compliment the book extraordinarili well , it fall short in allow the sort of access one usual expect from a film . 
noth is spoon-f to the viewer . 
morrison 's novel is just as enigmat , but unlik a movi , a book can be put down to allow the variou undercurr and theme to churn and absorb . 
the movi begin like _poltergeist_ , and end like _the color purple_ , with shade of _the scarlet letter_ and _littl women_ somewher in the middl . 
taken as a whole , belov is a disquiet , one-of-a-kind experi , one to be view with guard down and spirit in abey . 
