alien 3 is the onli alien film i have seen in theater . 
i saw it when i wa 13 year old , and i must admit that i did n't like it . 
of cours , i wa expect alien again , and i believ thi wa my fault . 
in order to appreci alien 3 , you need to see alien , but you also have to wipe away all the expect from it predecessor . 
jame cameron 's alien wa an action film , and mani peopl consid it the best in the seri . 
i am among that group , but alien 3 is an extrem entertain film , which critic have bash for it origin . 
mani thought the final chase scene went on for too long , and mani other thought that the film wa too much dialogu and not enough action . 
both are untru , becaus the film ha quit a bit of action , and the dialogu wa essenti and well-written . 
as for the chase sequenc , it wa long , but not overli long , creat quit a bit of suspens from confus . 
perhap watch alien 3 on video help . 
on the big screen , i wa overwhelm by someth i normal did n't see . 
it wa a veri dark film , and the languag wa extrem harsh . 
i had alway figur the alien seri to reli on smart dialogu instead of moron profan . 
do n't get me wrong -- i 'm not say film should elimin swear , but when a film substitut dialogu with these profan remark , it get rather distract . 
howev , sinc see it again , i realiz that the swear is mainli just an aspect of the restrain hatr in the charact . 
as a result , alien 3 's onli flaw ( albeit a major one ) is the underdevelop charact . 
we never realli care about ani of them , and i get the feel that mani scene were cut in order to shorten the length of the movi . 
there were onli two charact i like , and of cours one wa lt . ripley ( sigourney weaver ) , although we have gotten to know her through two other film . 
the other charact wa dr . clemen ( charl danc ) , but becaus we like him , the inevit occur . 
alien 3 begin exactli where alien left off . 
the prologu of alien 3 is a pure cinemat achiev by director david fincher , who had onli direct music video befor hi chanc with thi alien entri . 
without use a singl line of dialogu ( unless you count comput warn ) , fincher set up the entir film . 
an impress aspect of thi is that fincher onli show a few second of film befor cut to a titl card . 
we see lt . ripley and the littl girl in their cryogen compart . . . 
( titl ) . . . 
a shot of an alien egg . . . 
( titl ) . . . 
alien leg stretch up into the air . . . 
( titl ) . . . 
and so on and so on . 
dure these first ten minut , i learn everyth i had to in order for alien 3 to proceed . 
it 's quit a remark open , and one which will remain in my mind for a long time . 
becaus of thi face-hugg which ha been hatch aboard the vessel from alien , the hypersleep contain are sent into an escap pod , and sent down to the nearest planet : fiorina fury-161 , an ore refineri which ha been turn into a maximum secur prison . 
howev , the face-hugg manag to attach itself to one of the cryo-tub , and is sent down with the escap pod . 
unfortun , dure the land , all but one of the survivor from alien is kill . 
ripley is discov by some of the inmat and taken back to the refineri . 
of cours , you need a carrier for thi face-hugg , and it attach itself to the dog which came with the team of inmat . 
ripley is reviv and ask to see the ship . 
after see a mysteri acid-eaten section , ripley ask to see the dead bodi , and then have them cremat . 
thi cremat scene is one of the most power and impress of all the alien film . 
featur a monologu from dillon ( charl s . dutton ) , a prison who ha found god , the movi cut back and forth from the ceremoni to the dog 's demis . 
it 's one of the most memor moment , as the speech reflect exactli what is go on with the dog . 
and thi is where alien 3 succe . 
fincher normal inject a lot of symbol into hi film , and i can easili see him becom the next stanley kubrick or alfr hitchcock ( in fact , he is the mixtur of both ) . 
fincher know exactli what to film and how to film it , and i figur that he will be one of the few director with complet control over hi film . 
alien 3 is riddl with symbol speech and metaphor imag . 
by do so , fincher creat some of the best scene in the entir alien franchis . 
mani peopl have critic fincher 's film of the death scene of ripley ( i reveal noth by say thi ) as look too fake , but i enjoy and relish in the portray . 
show ripley fall in slow motion is a nice touch , but by actual not show her hit the vat of iron , a great deal of symbol is deriv . 
i feel that it would have spoil the mood of the entir film if they had actual shown her splash into the molten iron . 
howev , most peopl seem to want to wit ripley die ( which creat a paradox , as she is the charact i did n't want to see die ) . 
whi she is kill is one of the surpris of the film , and i do n't plan on spoil that in thi review . 
> from everi alien film come sever memor moment which seem to stick with you forev . 
in alien , it wa , of cours , the moment the alien burst out of kane 's stomach . 
in alien , it wa the showdown between alien and ripley in a machin . 
alien 3 ha sever , but most memor is the terrif shot involv the alien and ripley . 
ripley is push up against a wall , and the alien stand inch away from her . 
whi it doe n't kill her is a shocker , which later lead to a surpris end . 
fincher appar love to use close-up of actor ' face ( michael dougla and the clown face-off in the game in the same style ) , and by shave off the actor ' hair , the onli thing we have to look at is their face . 
mani critic did n't like all the actor be bald , but it make complet sens when taken in context of the plot . 
most of alien 3 work when you take it in context of the stori , but when you tri to compar it to it predecessor , fincher 's turn seem a bit gloomi and dark , though that 's not alway a bad thing . 
the plot is pretti much a rehash of the first two film , with some major twist . 
again , we are setup with sever differ charact , and one by one , they are pick off . 
howev , while the first two had ton of arsen ( especi cameron 's film ) , alien 3 take place on a planet devoid of human life except for thi run-down prison . 
as a result , no weapon are to be found . 
thi creat a lot of tension , although i must admit that fincher could have ad a lot more suspens . 
as an alien film , alien 3 is the worst of the seri , but by itself , it is an extrem well-mad motion pictur , with a lot more merit than not . 
the unfortun thing surround thi second sequel is the one-dimension charact . 
i never wa realli emot involv on screen becaus most of the charact are hardcor crimin whom i realli could care less about . 
despit thi , ripley wa the central figur , and that 's what is import . 
we care for her , even though she began to act just like one of the guy . 
again , the technic side of thi film is remark , and better than the two previou version . 
while cameron 's version wa a pump up action film with massiv artillari , fincher use brilliant camera angl , terrif light , and moodi set . 
the cinematographi , by alex thomson , is veri well done , with a terrif chase sequenc toward the end of the movi . 
the confus of the end draw the viewer in , as we are just as confus as the actor who are be chase around . 
the yellow , red , and orang of the light creat a dark mood , and by themselv creat a lot of suspens . 
shadow danc on the wall , and yet those shadow could easili be the alien . 
the alien is differ from it predecessor thi time around , and the swift of thi alien is quit intens . 
the camera like to take up the perspect of the alien , race after the charact . 
the set are quit incred , which are reminisci of the nostromo from alien . 
the narrow corridor and labrynthin hallway is well construct . 
the set appear to be in the futur , but not too far in the futur . 
one of the set piec even aid in the destruct of the alien ( noth surpris there ) . 
sigourney weaver turn out yet anoth good perform , equal her portray of ripley in alien . 
she wa snub at the oscar for thi one , mainli becaus the film wa a critic bomb . 
her reaction are far more realist in thi film , with her cri over the loss of the littl child she risk her life save in her previou encount . 
it 's quit touch realli . 
charl s . dutton is veri strong in hi perform as one of the inmat , and i wa on the brink of actual care for him . 
charl danc turn in a nice low-key perform , and as a result , i care for him immedi . 
lanc henriksen make a brief appear as bishop ii , but he wa more entertain in alien . 
the rest of the cast is pretti stale , though pete postlethwait stick out due to hi recent turn in the usual suspect and the lost world . 
alien 3 is rate r for strong violenc and languag , and sex . 
although it ha it flaw , alien 3 is highli entertain with rich symbol . 
thi film remind you how much fun it is to spot metaphor imag throughout a movi . 
while kubrick may have a moral messag throughout hi film , fincher reli on cinemat devic to bring hi mean out . 
it 's a film like fincher 's which remind us that it is okay for a film to sacrific qualiti for quantiti ( the final scene ) . 
in fact , it tell us that we , as a societi , have becom too critic of thing which may happen to look a littl `` fake . `` 
whenev someth look fake on screen , we immedi point it out as a mistak . 
but perhap it is n't a mistak . 
