though it is a fine piec of filmmak , there 's someth about elizabeth . . . that 
left me a bit cold , and i think it is someth that bug me quit often in film , particularli these day ; i just did n't care about the charact . 
to me , the first and foremost job of a filmmak is to creat charact ( be they imagin or histor as the case may be ) that the audienc give a hoot about . 
and though elizabeth work well on mani level , it fall short of excel becaus of that veri reason . 
elizabeth take place in england in 1554 , as queen mari , half sister of elizabeth and a monarch on the side of catholic is die . 
befor she die , though , she can not bear to sign a document which would condemn her half sister to death becaus of her heret protest belief . 
as a result , amidst much anger within the council , elizabeth becom the queen of england . 
the film chronicl her rise to power as she fight for a unifi church of england and tri to bring order to her person and polit life . 
much of the film deal with elizabeth 's love for lord robert , a mysteri man who thrust hi lordship onto mani a woman as he continu to proclaim hi love for the queen . 
there is much ado about her lack of a husband , and polit pressur from spain and franc enter into the equat . 
the problem with the film lie with thi as it centerpiec , as love interest are such a charact driven element . 
i did n't much care about the charact ( perhap asid for elizabeth who is play quit well by blanchett ) and so i did n't have much interest in who would join her in her nuptial . 
the cast is round out well with the marvel rush who play the queen 's most loyal advisor , sir franci , and attenborough as a well-mean but old-fashion lead council . 
whi then , you must be ask , do i recommend elizabeth ? 
simpli becaus it is the result of a perfect pair of director and cinematograph . 
kapur and hi cinematograph remi adefarasin ( neither of whom i have heard ) creat a beauti realiz piec of filmmka from the technic side . 
the light stream through each frame as in ani paint from the period and beauti captur the realist light sourc that would have been found in church , cellar and castl in 16th centuri europ . 
each frame is rich with color contrast with black or blown-out white light from window . 
the costum by alexandra byrn deserv a mention as they are such an inport aspect of each shot . 
inde , elizabeth is one of the most visual beauti film of the decad , rank with kundun and braveheart . 
watch also for the incred `` godfather-esqu `` mass murder scene . 
it made me think in retrospect of the similar between the two film . 
