to paraphras a song titl from an earlier disney movi , mulan is a whole new world . 
the mous factori 's latest featur is a treasur , featur magnific anim , a strong stori and fine drawn charact . 
mulan is the stori of a fiesti , head-strong young woman who , unlik other disney heroin , is n't seek her princ charm , 
mulan 's motiv are simpl ; to save her father , serv her countri and find a place for herself in a world in which femal have no say . 
the stori of mulan take place in ancient china at a time when the hun have invad the nation . 
the emperor ha call for a conscript , one man from each famili to join the armi and defend the nation . 
mulan 's crippl father is call , but mulan sneak off , steal hi armor and take hi place . 
mulan is a saga of courag and self-discoveri . 
yet , despit the grim backdrop of war , it is a live tale of self-reli and brain-over-brawn that even the smallest child can appreci and enjoy . 
the movi util a strong corp of asian-american talent as the voic for the main charact , includ the wonder ming-na wen ( the joy luck club ) as mulan , b . d . 
wong as shang , mulan 's command offic and later love interest , pat morita as the emperor and the veteran soon-tek oh as mulan 's proud , but love father . 
also ad to the proceed is eddi murphi as mushu the dragon , sent by mulan 's ancestor to watch over and help the young woman . 
hi fast , wise-crack , hip-talk mushu may seem out of place , but it 's a crowd pleas perform , especi for the youngster . 
the movi featur onli a coupl of song , fewer than most previou disney anim flick , but mulan 's are winner . 
the music by matthew wilder and lyric by david zippel fit nice into the plot . 
the overal score by jerri goldsmith also is a plu . 
mulan is a treat , more power than hercul , with more heart than the hunchback of notr dame . 
at about 85 minut , mulan move rapidli , and will hold the attent of youngster from begin to the end . 
mulan will set a new standard by which futur anim effort by disney and other studio will have to work hard to attain . 
also , it is hope that the success of mulan , and there is no doubt that it will prove to be a popular vehicl , will spur an interest for more movi with orienti or asian-american theme so as to provid more substanti role for the talent perform who gave their voic for thi product . 
it would be nice to see them on screen as well as hear them . 
commit to lifelong learn through effect commun 
