i wa anxiou to see thi for a long time . 
a friend of mine recommend thi to me becaus he ha a crush on neve campbel , and he want to prove that she 's as hot as he think he is . 
he prove it for me all right , but the reason i enjoy thi film go way beyond that . 
scream tread on familar ground , horror movi with , as star neve campbel put it , `` some stupid killer stalk some big breast girl who ca n't act who 's alway run up the stair when she should be run out the front door . `` 
it 's veri familar , your typic horror film . 
so whi , you may ask after watch it , doe it seem so new and origin ? 
becaus it treat itself as if it ha n't been done befor , and thu the viewer is disilus into believ that it is not old , familar tire stuff . 
thi rais anoth question : how doe it do thi ? 
simpl : the charact . 
they 're not your typic stupid horror film victim who do n't know what the hell to do when be chase by a guy in a ski mask and a machett . 
they are horror fan , they know how stuff happen in a horror movi , they know what to do and what not to do , and that make it scari , and even funni at certain time . 
you can tell thi just by watch the open scene where casey becker ( drew barrymor ) is make popcorn , get readi to watch a video , and some guy who sound like a killer call her up to play a game with her that involv horror movi triva that , if she get it wrong , will get her and her boyfriend kill . 
she know what to answer when he ask her horror film question , she just ca n't answer hi final question , `` what door am i at ? `` 
and that get her kill . 
that scene work becaus in a normal horror film , half the thing that happen in that scene would never happen . 
the plot is typic horror stuff : sidney prescott ( an impress neve campbel ) , an attract young high school student who 's mother wa kill a year ago tommorrow , is be stalk by a killer who 's previous murder one of her classmat ( casey , natur ) , and everybodi in thi small , california town is a suspect , includ sidney 's boyfriend , billi loomi . 
but as i said befor , these peopl know how horror movi work , and that 's what make it so appeal . 
that and the refer to horror movi , like when casey say , `` the first ( nightmar on elm street ) wa scari , but the rest suck . `` 
which is obvious director we craven ( who doe a good job of poke fun of the genr that made him a legend ) pat himself on the back as he direct the first nightmar movi and none of the other , and when tatum , sidney 's friend , mention the director , we carpent , which is obvious an homag by writer kevin williamson to not onli craven , but also director john carpent . 
the cast is well chosen , neve campbel pull off a good heroin ( and unlik most horror film heroin , she * can * act ) , drew barrymor doe a good janet leigh impress for what littl time she ha in the film , and david arquett is impress . 
also good ( and funni ) in hi role is henri winkler ( `` the fonz `` ) as the school princip . 
i took half a point off for the unnecessari ( albeit limit ) appear by friend ' courteney cox as report , gail edward , sidney 's rival becaus she cover her mother 's disappear . 
i hate that show , i hate those actor . 
they 're untal , overexpos , and overpaid , imho , and i would think we craven is smart enough to know those actor are overexpos enough , but i suppos he is n't . 
