america ha final gotten what it 's need for year : a compassion sincer presid with impress ethic and charisma . 
regret it 's onli a movi . 
presid jame marshal ( harrison ford ) is fed up with terrorist activ . 
team up with the russian govern , he order a strike forc captur of alexand radek , a reactionari gener readi to re-unit the soviet union under hi fascist reign . 
dure a celebr dinner , marshal announc to the world that he will send troop to fight oppress wherev it exist . 
`` it 's your turn to be afraid , `` he declar . 
return home on air forc one , he get the chanc to demonstr hi word person . 
ultra-nationalist milit loyal to radek and lead by ivan korshunov ( gari oldman ) hijack the plane threaten to kill a hostag everi half hour until the gener is releas . 
marshal ha a chanc to escap in a jettison capsul ( which clinton say doe n't exist in real life ) but refus , prefer to stay and fight . 
director wolfgang peterson ( `` da boot `` , `` in the line of fire `` , `` outbreak `` take the over-us `` die hard `` theme and give us someth new in a film that combin brilliant act with hold-your-breath intens . 
if you can take your eye off the screen , steal a look at the audienc . 
everyon is total engross . 
the two actor do what they do best and they are probabl the best there are at it . 
oldman ha becom typecast as a psychot sadist and no wonder -- he doe it so well . 
when he engag the teenag first daughter in sensit convers about hi famili and the next minut threaten to blow a hole in her forehead , you know that he 's over the edg in the manner that peopl with a caus can becom . 
you are convinc that young alic could end up termin at ani time . 
when korshonov execut passeng , there is a frighten realiti to it . 
the gun in thi film are deadli weapon , not cartoon . 
harrison ford ha done one role for sever year . 
hi masteri of the man in the suit propel into desper action is in top form here . 
marshal is a medal of honor recipi who now ha a desk job . 
realist , he 's a man afraid , but not afraid to act . 
ford is one of the few actor that could make us believ that the presid of the unit state could be an action hero . 
indiana jone in the oval offic . 
he and oldman 's archetyp match up perfectli . 
the other role also go to accomplish actor . 
glenn close as the determin but unsur vice-presid is the pictur of an execut forc into a posit that she 's not quit readi for . 
dean stockwel as defens secretari eager for the author ( `` i 'm in charg here ! `` ) 
is her polit nemesi and turn in a good alexand haig perform . 
of cours the polit are all wrong . 
a cowboy presid ( even down to hi name ) with big gun shoot hi way through problem . 
much like the american collect memori of jfk 's camelot , the imag is wondrou if you do n't look too deep . 
the pull on the patriot heartstr would be too much in ani other film , but they work here . 
no matter what polit spin you put on the stori , the movi is an outstand one . 
i left the theater feel that there is hope for the countri 's futur : not a common belief nowaday . 
now if we onli can get ford to run for presid . 
just becaus one actor did n't work out as chief execut doe n't mean that a differ one could n't . 
( michael redman ha lost count of how mani year he 's been write thi column -- 21 year . . . 22 year -- while watch the sunflow outsid hi window sway in the cool breez . ) 
