`` the end of the affair `` is a dark and moodi romant period piec , that neil jordan exquisit write and direct . 
although it 's slow and sometim confus to follow , it still manag to give audienc a move experi . 
base on graham green 's novel of the same name , the film mainli follow 3 charact . 
there 's mauric bendrix ( ralph fienn ) who ha an affair with henri mile 's ( stephen rea ) wife sarah ( juliann moor ) . 
sarah find henri to be a bore , becaus well , he 's just a normal guy . 
it 's all work and no play with him . 
while mauric on the other hand fall madli in love with sarah , and would do anyth for her . 
unfortun the two break up . 
thi is all wit in a seriou of flashback , so that lead us to the present . 
it 's a few year later , and they both still think of each other , so mauric hire a privat detect ( ian hart ) to see what sarah is up too . 
while thi may sound straight forward it 's not . 
it 's a deep dark tale of the jealousi that lie in the two men , unhappi , and the ever last love . 
all thi may sound like a drag , but it realli captur your interest . 
with great perform by ralph fienn ( do anoth english patient type of film , onli thi movi is better ) and julianna moor who definit deserv an oscar becaus out of all 5 film she did in 1999 , i believ thi wa the role , she had the most passion for , and you can see whi . 
the stori wa also well written thank to neil jordan . 
even though i did n't read the book , there 's no doubt in mind that it wa just as move and descript . 
what 's so move about it you ask ? 
the tragedi of it all . 
it 's not the typic romanc , in which a guy find a girl , they fall in love and all is well , thi is more complic and depress . 
it realli show the complex of a relationship , becaus noth is ever perfect . 
everyon feel a differ way and that is what tear us to piec . 
back to neil jordan 's script , it wa n't onli red rose . 
there were time when i felt it too be a littl slow , but most romanc are . 
it also tend to be a bit confus , especi at the start . 
it keep jump around from past to present , so it obvious took awhil to get a grasp of thing . 
also a notabl wa the superb direct by neil jordan . 
i 'd have to say thi is hi finest achiev to date , becaus quit frankli i 've never realli found hi work to be up to par . 
it just never did anyth for me , until now . 
when it end , it leav viewer a littl sadden , but provok nonetheless . 
thi is definit one of the best film of 99 , and had some of the best act , most notabl by moor . 
not for all movi goer , but for those who are film buff and want someth of valu . 
