ok , i admit i had a bad attitud about thi film from the start . 
a romant comedi about the trial and tribul of singl work parent ? 
with a coupl of incred cute kid thrown in for good measur ? 
yuck . 
but it 's not realli too bad . 
it ha a lot work against it , for me at least . 
in addit to the abov , it is typic of a lot of recent movi in that it is realli just a glorifi made-for-tv movi , but longer and with bigger star , and you have to pay to see it . 
it doe win you over , though , even if it is pain predict . 
just think about it : two singl parent , with their cute kid , are thrown togeth due to a miss field trip . 
through a day of near disast , they cont inual meet , get in one anoth 's way , caus troubl for one anoth , and gener insult one anoth at everi opportun . 
in fact , they hate each other so much that we know that they are , or soon will be , in love . 
the onli peopl who hate each other more than lover are marri coupl . 
so thi film is predict , just as the screwbal comedi of the classic hollywood cinema were predict ( and the screwbal genr is obvious hoffman 's model for thi film ) . 
will they get fire from their yuppi job ? 
will they make the big soccer game that is so import to their kid ? 
will pfeiffer realiz what a jerk her ex-husband , a drummer for bruce springsteen , realli is ( are n't they all ? ) ? 
will they final kiss ? 
well , what do you expect ? 
but there is a certain amount of satisfact in have our expect fulfil , especi when it is done with as much humour , along with a lack of sticki sentiment , as it is in thi film . 
pfeiffer and clooney have a certain chemistri togeth that is surprisingli charm , and the kid are neither shove into the background nor allow to steal the show . 
one word of caution , though . 
thi film is be bill in some place as a `` famili `` movi . 
do n't let that stop you . 
howev , i think most kid , especi boy , would be pretti bore by thi move . 
after all , nobodi get kill and there are no explos . 
all in all , a good , non-offens date movi . 
the fli inkpot rate system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . 
* * a littl creaki , but still better than stay at home with gotcha ! 
* * * pretti good , bring a friend . 
* * * * amaz , potent stuff . 
* * * * * perfect . 
see it twice . 
