i 'm not realli sure what to think about `` crash . `` 
on the surfac , it 's a cold , bore , unerot porn with name start , a name director , and some cool camerawork . 
i mean , it left me complet bore , unsatisfi , and gener kinda weird out . 
but then again , not everi film 's suppos to leav you entertain . 
`` crash `` is structur to play like a porn flick , but with significantli more plot and dialogu . 
while we see sever extrem taboo scene of weirdo sex , we also have a skimpi littl plot go on ( mostli toward the begin ) , and mayb just a hair of character . 
not to mention the act is gener pretti good , and we do n't realli see a lot of the actor complet expos . 
but what make it suprem differ from a porn is the fact that thi is not an erot experi . 
thi film doe not posess the erot hypnot of `` henri and june `` or the just plain horni of , say , `` deep throat `` ( not that i 've seen it ) . 
if one wa to be made complet hot by thi film , it would probabl mean they were also into the whole `` auto erotic `` thing . 
the film leav you cold erot ( and mayb in mani other way ) , but what it doe is present a group of peopl who live on the edg . 
the film open up on a woman , catherin ( deborah kara ungar , of `` the game `` ) , press her bare breast up against a car in a public air hangar . 
suddenli , a man enter the frame and begin to take her from behind ( the film doesnt ' show all thi though , even if it is nc-17 ) . 
the next scene ha a film director , jame ( jame spader ) , have sex with a camera woman ( alic poon ) in an offic on the highly-popul set of hi movi . 
the next scene ha the two come togeth , reveal to us that they 're husband and wife , and them share in one anoth 's escapad . 
while the two are arguabl freaki peopl , we at least know they love to live on the edg . 
soon afterward , jame is drive down the road at night , reclessli of cours ( he 's read someth ) , when he drift into the other lane , and then hit anoth car face on . 
jame is not kill , but the passeng in the other car fli into hi seat ( obvious die ) , leav the driver , helen remington ( holli hunter - in a porn ? ) , also aliv . 
the two go through therapi togeth , and when get out , they run into eachoth again . 
when jame give her a ride home , they almost get into anoth accid , and immeadi afterward , they go to an unbusi park lot , and have a littl quicki , as they were arous by the accid . 
you would n't think there would be mani peopl who share thi same kind of fetish , but they run into a freaki guy name vaughan ( elia kostea ) and hi crutch-carri girlfriend , gabriel ( rosanna arquett ) , who are also into it . 
vaughan is into live on the edg as they are , but he take it to anoth level : he love to recreat famou car crash . 
in one scene , he and a friend , colin seagrav ( peter macneil ) recreat jame dean 's car crash without ani pad or safeti belt , and suffer some concuss , but nevertheless get a rush ( and the attent of the polic ) . 
soon , these five are all have sex with one anoth , be it straight , gay , or lesbian sex . 
while thi is admittingli all a bit comic ( the film is almost like a black comedi ) , the film doe do a pretti awesom portray of peopl who 's main fetish is live on the edg . 
i 'm sure somewher there are peopl who get arous by car accid , but i person do n't see a connect between car crash and sex . 
the main connect cronenberg show us that both give a definit rush . 
hi car crash scene are quick and excit mini-masterpiec : we 're at first not sure if they 'll take place , but everytim it look like it may occur , we gasp . 
then when it happen , we hold our breath . 
the same thing happen with sex , although not in the same fashion . 
these peopl are mere take it to anoth level . 
the onli problem with the film is that it 's a tad redund . 
a normal porn last from an hour to an hour and a half . 
thi goe on for about 100 minut , and it just seem a littl too long . 
the sex and car crash are far between one anoth , and the time between them are a tad on the bore side . 
there 's no character , although it could definit be argu , that hey , it 's a porn , and we 're not here to sympath . 
but still , they coulda cut it down a bit . 
but the film is save with it present , as well as some other element . 
the atmospher is veri dark and forbod , creat a kind of cool weird feel . 
and there are sever scene are just amaz . 
one scene ha catherin and jame have sex , while she softli ask him question about be with a man , which sound almost erot the way she say it . 
a sequenc involv one charact 's death is fill with all the edgi disjoint that the film need . 
and the final shot is shot perfectli , creat an imag of a car crash , and a coupl have sex in front of it , despit the fact that she 's wound . 
the act is also pretti good , especi for what is almost a porn ( oust linda lovelac as best actress in a porn ) . 
while jame spader is pretti bore ( he 's usual pretti intens ) , deborah kara ungar is amaz . 
she speak all her word in almost zombie-lik hush , and when she 's have sex , she ha a blank look on her face , not show the viewer whether she 's enjoy it or not . 
in one scene , she actual look dead while someon is have sex with her . 
holli hunter , who get extra credit just for appear in someth like thi , is pretti good , and so is rosanna arquett ( who add a kinda cool kinki to her role ) . 
but the film is stolen by elia kostea who play hi charact so intens that he almost upstag everyon . 
he often speak as he is out of breath , show a definit affin for hi way of life . 
he ha a great deal of energi in sever scene , especi one scene where he 's take photograph of a pictur , and a later scene where he 's get a freaki tatoo . 
he and spader share sexual chemistri in sever scene , foreshadow a later scene . 
kostea is a littl known actor ( hi biggest role wa casey jone in `` teenag mutant ninja turtl `` ) , but here he show a deniro-lik presenc , hint that he 's capabl of bigger role . 
while i hardli enjoy `` crash , `` it 's still a pretti intrigu portray of a group of peopl who , if the exist , are some of the strangest and most bizarr peopl in the world . 
these peopl are abl to share a rush between two complet differ entiti , and the film , which doe n't exactli pain them in a neg light , is sucess in bring them to light , even if it leav the viewer unnerv and gener freak out . 
despit the hardcor natur of the film and the subsequ nc-17 rate ( there 's also an r-rate version , but i would n't even go near that thing ) , anyon look for a quick turn-on should just rent a regular porno . 
