jake kasdan , son of one of the best screenwrit around , break into filmmak by write and direct thi hard-to-categor detect stori : part mysteri , part comedi , part charact studi and part romanc . 
for the most part , kasdan manag to combin the genr success and creat a captiv film . 
daryl zero ( bill pullman ) is a modern day sherlock holm . 
the parallel is present down to hi love of music ( though zero play the guitar rather than the violin ) , and hi addict to drug ( amphetamin , rather than morphin ) . 
he even titl hi case with such sherlockian epigram as the case of the mismatch shoelac , the case about the man who lie about hi age , or the case of the hire gun who made way way too mani mistak . 
howev zero 's observ of the fine art of detach , though it make him a brilliant privat investig , make him somewhat of a self-impos outcast in societi . 
he could do noth without the legwork of hi trusti assist dr . watson , i mean steve arlo ( ben stiller ) . 
arlo is not happi with hi job . 
he is thrill to be around zero 's brillianc , but hi bizarr behavior , and strang request , are frustrat to the former lawyer . 
and they 're even more so to hi girlfriend , jess ( angela featherston ) , who is fed up that her boyfriend 's boss mean more to arlo than her . 
thi is the situat when a new case come knock . 
gregori stark ( ryan o'neil ) hire zero to find hi lost key . 
it seem that he kept a safeti deposit box key on the ring , and the box appar contain some incrimin evid . 
now , stark is be blackmail , and need to reclaim hi key befor the nightmar can end . 
to solv thi case , zero reluctantli crawl out of hi shell . 
howev , thi is when he is vulner . . . and 
thi time he fall for charm of a wili paramed , gloria sullivan ( kim dicken ) , who may be involv in the blackmail scheme . 
for the first time , zero ha to question hi own object , as he find hi client less and less sympathet . 
zero effect is weakest in it obvious `` wacki `` scene depict daryl zero 's odd behavior . 
such scene might be appropri in an out-and-out satir , make zero an ace ventura-ish charact . 
howev , there 's a much meatier movi in here . . . it just take a while to get out . 
that 's not to say that there 's not a place for humor in thi film . 
in fact , some of the best scene are ben stiller 's wonder underplay comic moment of absolut disgust and frustrat with hi employ . 
howev , the over-the-top scene never quit gel with the rest of the film , and they are n't funni enough to stand on their own . 
onc the investig is underway , howev , zero 's brillianc realli begin to shine . 
hi lightn quick infer are as fascin as mani of sherlock 's own . 
as the mysteri begin to unfold , zero 's deduct lead the plot in interest direct , but never lose the viewer . 
zero effect work well dure it romant scene as well . 
zero 's relationship with gloria is low-key , but it hit all the right note . 
howev , we are alway kept distant from gloria 's charact . 
she 's given plenti of develop , but we never understand what she is think . 
perhap that may be intent : to place the audienc in zero 's zone of detach . 
but , on the whole , it is frustrat . 
bill pullman , when he 's not space out , creat a vibrant charact in daryl zero . 
there 's one moment when zero briefli connect to the world which he ha manag to detach from for mani year , and it is shockingli move . . . express a serious that heretofor wa unassoci with the charact , but one which fit in well . 
and , although it is sometim hard to take a detect call `` zero `` serious , it is at thi moment that the viewer understand the mean behind the name . 
although zero effect is a bit awkward in place , it is a strong debut for kasdan , and show great promis . 
