the year is 1962 and the militari is conduct nuclear test . 
involv in these test is hank marshal ( jone ) , an armi colonel who is critic of the above-ground test that are be done . 
he urg below-ground test which no one will consid at the time until it is learn that the soviet have conduct underground test of their own . 
marshal is also troubl by a turbul marriag to carli ( lang ) who is topless on the base 's beach in full view of the entir personnel . 
hank 's reaction is one of amus . 
he 's been here befor and he deal with it in the onli way he know how . 
the problem is carli is a manic-depress and when she is n't flirt with ani man who happen to be near her , she 's fantas about a fictiou world where she 'd rather be . 
typic of the mental ill , she also is promiscu and foul-temp . 
the mood swing are quick and violent and the torment she put her husband and their two daughter is consider . 
from hank 's report which state hi opposit to the armi 's method of test , he is transfer from hawaii to alabama . 
carli pattern herself after movi star and tri to becom marilyn monro , bleach-blond and all . 
the new home in alabama is pretti run-down and depress and set carli off on a violent tantrum . 
after meet hi new command offic ( booth ) , hank see an all too familiar pattern begin to repeat . 
carli openli flirt with the co . hank tri to deal with the situat , but hi onli resort is to carri her off and throw her into a nearbi pool . 
argument ensu . 
the famili becom even more alien . 
the co is veri interest in pursu an encount with carli and send hank off to observ an underground test which caus the irradi of two local rancher , much to the vocal object of hank , who spot them but is unabl to cancel the deton of the bomb . 
back at home , the two girl tri to hold thing togeth but they wonder whi their father ca n't deal with their mother 's problem . 
one daughter say , `` he 's blind and she 's crazi . `` 
the other answer , `` they 're perfect for each other . `` 
it reach the break point when the older girl ( locan ) and a boy , the co 's son ( o'donnel ) see her mother and the co make love in an abandon shed . 
she forc her mother to tell hank and get it all out into the open . 
hank return home and find hi wife in the middl of a music put on by the militari wive , includ the co 's wife ( snodgress ) . 
he confront the c . o . 
but not about carli . 
he is upset over the coverup surround the accid dure the test . 
a fight break out between the two when the co accus hank of not be abl to satisfi hi wife . 
hank is arrest . 
what follow is manipul and reveng on the part of the co . he convinc carli to commit hank to a hospit for observ . 
instead , they fill him with so mani drug that he can bare cope . 
he foam at the mouth and can not even finish sew a leather wallet as present for hi daughter . 
carli is determin to free her husband from the clutch of the armi and succe in do so onli by be the strong one in the famili for the first time . 
the film ha an upbeat end with hope that the famili ha found a way to deal with it problem . 
the perform are solid throughout . 
jone is sympathet and love and is most effect in those quiet moment when he tri to deal with hi wife 's rage . 
he comfort her and offer protect . 
lang give a strong and spirit portray of a woman on the edg who draw up the courag to tri and put thing right for her famili . 
ami locan is veri good as she fight to keep her famili togeth while struggl with her own doubt as to whether she even should . 
blue sky is base on the stori of the stagner famili . 
the screenplay wa written by rama lauri stagner ( with arlen sarner and jerri leichtl ) . 
the film mark the final work of toni richardson who die shortli after it complet in 1991 . 
he had made such classic as look back in anger ( 1958 ) and tom jone ( 1963 ) . 
orion pictur underw bankruptci and caus the film to sit on a shelf for three year . 
the film join an alread promis fall line-up of film and is well worth catch for the perform alon . 
