i have to admit that i dislik thi film initi . 
it certianli is n't for everi tast , and it 's sheer tortur to sit through if you 're in a restless mood . 
that said , if you are in the right mood , it 's absolut incred . 
thi wa my second favorit movi of 1998 , and would have been a shoo-in for first in almost ani other year . 
perhap the big turn-off for mani wa thi film 's unconvention . 
i 'd be hard-press to compar it to ani other film that i 've seen - it is veri , veri artsi , incred slow - and amazingli , it work beauti . 
on my second view , i realiz that the film follow the three act structur ( i did n't think it had ani sort of structur at all when i first saw it ) . 
the first act serv to set up the charact - sort of . 
it exist even moreso to set a mood of tension and restles , and perhap even feel of boredom . 
and then it is shatter by the intens violenc of the second ( which encompass most of the movi ) . 
the major of the film is one extend battl scene , intercut with brief flashback and voice-ov . 
the artsier element do not detract from the action , but add to it - they succeed in briefli let the viewer peek into the mind of the soldier , onli to be suddenli yank back into realiti when the battl resum . 
the battl scene are amaz ( second onli to `` save privat ryan `` in my opinion ) . 
they 're brutal , horrifi , and at time beauti due to the amaz cinematographi . 
the second act is as immers , brilliant , and haunt as ani film that i have ever seen . 
the onli problem come dure the first and third act . 
malick take a littl too long to get the film start . 
although the initi scene - which consist of two soldier ' experienc a near-eden-lik paradis while go awol , and the preper for battl - are effect and necessari , hint of pretenti sink in . 
the film is just a tad too artsi near the begin , and a lot of peopl that dislik the movi probabl gave up on it becaus of thi . 
the final act is effect at wind the film down , but the problem from the first persist - it 's a bit too long , and come over as pretenti at time . 
that said , there are two sequenc ( one where a soldier get a devast note from hi wife , and anoth where one of the main charact is kill ) that are noth short of incred . 
the perform are phenomin all around . 
the two standout are nick nolt and newcom jim caviezel , both of whom should have been nomin for oscar . 
nolt is rivet and intens as the colonel in charg of the oper . 
hi charact is hard , mean , and somewhat reckless with the live of hi men , and yet nolt somehow manag to evok sympathi for him . 
caviezel is forev question the natur of war , hi place in it , and if there 's ani deeper mean to the hell that he 's go through . 
he is absolut perfect - genuin , sympathet , sincer , and yet strong when he need to be . 
although restrict to a rel small role , sean penn is also veri good as the compani 's pessimist seargent . 
as to how it stack up to `` save privat ryan `` - it wa my second favorit movi of 1998 , `` ryan `` wa my first . 
it 's realli hard to compar the two - they are so , so differ - so i wo n't , beyond say that spielberg 's film had more of an impact on me . 
howev , the two are compar from the standpoint of qualiti ( i can easili see whi someon would `` the thin red line `` abov `` ryan ) . 
i highli recommend both of them , and consid them to be the two best war movi ever made . 
all in all , `` the thin red line `` is filmmak of an incred high order . 
it 's slight fault are easili offset by the sheer brillianc of what is done right . 
it 's a real shame that it tank at the box offic - film thi unconvent , power , and thought-provok do n't come along veri often . 
