in some respect , rush hour is the ultim exercis in clich filmmak . 
the hero is the renegad cop that prefer to work alon . 
the cop in question can not solv the case until he get in troubl . 
all chines peopl are somehow involv in the crimin element . 
the duo must alway be complet mismatch . 
the hero ha to say some smart-ass comment befor ( and after ) shoot someon . 
howev , that doe n't necessarili make for a bad film . 
rush hour is jacki chan 's first major hollywood film sinc the dismal the protector ( 1985 ) . 
prove onc again that hollywood can learn mani thing from foreign film market ( ie : hong kong ) , jacki chan is given much more free reign than befor . 
still , some die-hard jacki chan fan may be disappoint , as even chan himself ha voic displeasur over the length of the fight scene ( which he view as too short , accord to one interview ) . 
thi film take a familiar theme of east meet west . 
jacki chan is lee , the straight lace inspector who is import to help deal with a kidnap case , while chri tucker is carter , the loudmouth , destruct cop that is ` promot ' to the fbi to help him . 
or , at least , so he think ( also anoth classic notion in action film : the fbi must alway get in the way of our hero ) . 
despit the necessari convent of action film , rush hour is some of the most fun you 'll spend and hour and forti minut watch . 
jacki chan continu to be one of the most excit martial artist on the big screen , continu to perform hi own stunt and dazzl audienc with hi flashi kick and punch . 
chri tucker , familiar from hi whini , annoy role in the fifth element is more palat , complement jacki chan 's straight-lac charact . 
howev , jacki chan still maintain hi comic-slapstick edg , as expect of him and hi film . 
perfectli downplay the ` fish-out-of-wat ' routin through hi charact 's attempt at mix into american cultur , he make up for the down time hi charact experi . 
when he is in action , howev , you 'll be amus and dazzl . 
still be invent in the use of object to beat peopl up ( in thi case , a steer wheel , a serv tray , and a barstool ) , jacki chan prove to be the pioneer of slapstick kung fu . 
chri tucker 's charact may come across as irrit , yet is also humor . 
sinc he 's not a physic actor to the level of jacki chan , he use hi main weapon : hi mouth ( henc , the taglin , ` fastest hand in the east meet the fastest mouth in the west ' ) . 
while dialogu is not necessarili shakespear , it is appropri for the film and still veri funni . 
while not necessarili poignant , attempt at charact develop and growth between charact come off surprisingli well . 
lee 's ` knowledg ' of american pop cultur ( ` that 's the beach boy ! ' ) 
when contrast against carter 's lack of knowledg of chines cultur make for an interest scene where lee teach carter the kung fu disarm trick , while carter teach lee hip-hop danc move . 
while rush hour is not at the same level as polic stori 3 and 4 ( known in north america as supercop and jacki chan 's first strike , respect ) , it more than make up for the poorli receiv film oper condor and mr . nice guy . 
with it appropri mixtur of high kick and lot of laugh , it make for a fun film . 
as well , it is a true departur from jacki chan film , as it is miss one common element : a whini femal co-star . 
