it wa a raini friday afternoon in columbu when i persuad a friend to see a matine perform of mst3k : tm . 
he had never seen ani episod of the show , and i have watch a scant few , due to it unsoci airtim on comedi central and the uneven natur of mani of the episod . 
for those of you not familiar with the premis , dr clayton forrest ( beaulieu ) wish to take over the world by find the worst film ever made and unleash it upon an unsuspect public . 
to achiev thi , he ( in the word of the tv seri ' theme , which is miss in the movi ) `` bump [ mike nelson ( nelson ) ] on the noggin and then shot him into space `` , and is monitor nelson 's reaction to the movi he is forc to endur . 
rather than succumb to the sheer aw of mani of the movi , nelson spend hi time make wisecrack with the help of hi two robot companion , tom servo and crow t . robot . 
the format of the show consist of nelson , servo and crow make their comment while silhouet against the movi be watch , and break everi 20 minut or so for segment set on the satellit of love , the ship on which our hero are maroon . 
onli two thing are differ in the movi : the absenc of forrest 's sidekick , tv 's frank , and the slower pace of the joke . 
thi latter chang is presum deliber to avoid the view audienc miss some of the best line while laugh from the previou joke . 
for their big screen outing , the produc have chosen `` thi island earth `` , a 1954 classic , and one of the first sf film to have a special effect budget larger than the averag groceri bill . 
unfortun for that film ( but make it ideal mst3k fodder ) , act and dialogu appear to have taken a back seat to the effect which , by today 's standard , are less than impress . 
nelson & co . make joke about everyth from japan 's domin in the world market , to star trek , to the state of disrepair of seattl 's kingdom , and most of them work . 
unfortun , the segment set outsid the satellit 's movi theater seem out of place and are n't particularli funni , but at least they 're fairli short . 
the big question about thi movi though is : whi ? 
i presum it wa an attempt to gain a larger follow to keep support behind the seri ( rumour of it impend demis circul for some time befor the plug wa eventu pull a few month ago ) , but the format gain noth from it transit to the big screen -- there are no special effect to dazzl you , no action sequenc to keep you on the edg of your seat , and no use of digit surround sound . 
so , it seem pointless to spend $ 8 per person to see thi movi when in a few month it will be out on video and you can watch it for $ 3 , and not have to sit in a room full of popcorn addict . 
nevertheless , mst3k : tm provid more laugh-out-loud opportun than ani film you 're go to see thi year , and i thoroughli recommend it to anyon with a puls . 
given it uniqu , i hesit to grade it against other film , but it fulfil it claim and so in the class of `` unsubtl comedi film whose laugh come at the expens of bad b-movi `` it doe well . 
