the film start out with a creepi open sequenc to which ha the now classic and creepi score by writer/director/produc john carpent who in my mind is a brilliant director , he realli is . 
he wrote thi film , he direct thi film , he produc thi film and he made the excess creepi score to thi film . 
i think he is and alway will be famou for thi classic which after 21 year ha not lost it 's popular or it 's abil to scare the wit out of peopl . 
i think i have seen 'halloween ' over 100 time and each time i find someth new and brilliant , and each time i am scare even though i know what is go to happen . 
i own three differ version of the film : a vh regular version that came with a limit edit 20th anniversari t-shirt , a box edit vh in a hardcov case digit re-mast with the origin theatric widescreen present , in a nifti plastic pictur decor box with a number snow-glob . 
in other word i am complet and utterli obsess with the film . 
it ha chang horror movi forev and spawn six sequel with onli 2 , 4 , and 7 be truli good . 
it also spawn sever cheap imit of the film that were offens in some way to a true halloween fan . 
sinc i heard about halloween be releas on dvd in a limit edit of 30 , 000 copi , i knew i had to buy one no matter what ! 
i did and man to me it 's the best dvd ever manufactur with the brillianc of the film . 
no word can describ the dvd . 
in 'halloween ' michael myer is a evil person whom kill hi sister in cold blood 16 year ago in 1963 . 
now in 1978 grown up and in a mental hospit michael myer escap to go back to hi hometown of haddonfield , illinoi , follow by hi past doctor sam loomi . 
the person michael is target is lauri strode who is play by jami lee curti in her film debut . 
whi is he stalk her ? 
check out halloween ii it explain it all . 
on thi unholi night on octob 31 , 1978 lauri strode and her two friend are go to have the time of their live , which is tri to stay aliv . 
the whole film is fill with terrifi moment most come from just see michael myer walk . 
nick castl who play the shape in the first movi did an incred job , and no other person in ani other halloween flick can do what he did . 
what john carpent did in 1978 is made a ground-break new film , with scare , wit , and style . 
the movi is flawless if not perfect . 
no other movi or sequel ha live up to thi one , and in my opinion never will . 
'halloween ' will be like 'psycho ' and still be extrem popular even almost 40 year later . 
i just hope someday 'halloween ' will be releas in a new dolbi soundtrack with the 4 extra scene on the dvd edit . 
'halloween ' is n't just anoth slice-and-dic horror flick , it 's an intellig , horrifi and best film experi ever made . 
see 'halloween ' and be scare . . . . then 
watch it again ! 
review by brandon her octob 7 , 1999 . 
