_in brief : _ thi film need no introduct . 
if you have n't heard of it , then you must have been up in space on a sabbat , and if you have n't seen it -- well , i suspect you 're in a small minor ! 
first thing 's first ? is it all it 's hype up to be ? 
well , ye ? and no . 
it 's a good film , and there 's a lot to like about it , but it 's not without it problem . 
when i saw the first trailer for `` titan `` , it wa when i went to see `` bean `` last summer , i think , my intial reaction wa -- ai n't that downright sick to make a disast movi out of such a dread , real-lif tragedi ? ! 
i mean , what 's happen to hollywood 's script-writ , have they run entir out of new idea ? 
gad , whatev next , i ask myself , how about an action film base on hiroshima star jean claud van damm ? 
i wa not entir fill with anticip , but then i wa n't alon in that respect . 
it 's when it came out in the cinema , to rave review ( well , mostli ) and anyon who 'd been to see it seem disturbingli obsess by it that i start to take notic ! 
i did n't see the film until sever month after it releas ( by which time my sister had seen it about four time ! ) , 
so i went with a slightli more open mind , but i still did n't think i 'd enjoy it much . 
did i ? ye and no . 
mainli ye , i 'm happi to say . 
the first hour or so wa beauti done , not so much becaus of the script ( i 'll talk about that later ? ) but becaus the re-creat ship and set were stun to look at , as wa cameron 's direct , and the perform of the princip cast were so strong that the `` human `` aspect of the stori , the romanc between rose ( kate winslet ) and jack ( leonardo dicaprio ) , wa enchant . 
the film is told via flashback , with gloria stuart play the elderli rose in the modern day ( you knew that , a ' cours ! 
: - ) ) . 
well , it 's an often effect devic to use in storytel -- though sometim it can fall flat . 
doe it work here ? 
in script form it doe n't add all that much to the stori . 
what doe add a lot to the stori is gloria stuart , whose stun perform is the strongest , most move of the film . 
her presenc bring a much deeper level of passion , and depth to the stori , and though her appear are rel brief , the film would have suffer without her . 
also impress are dicaprio and winslet , who wholli succeed in rise abov the often poor dialogu , and the bond they form is both heartfelt and move . 
it 's an old stori , you know -- forbidden love ala romeo and juliet -- but it work , and jack 's `` rescu `` rose ( in both liter and figur sens ) and teach her to live life for what count wa point and touch . 
in fact , i enjoy the first half of the film a lot , larg becaus winslet and dicaprio bring such and charm , energi to the romanc . 
it 's engag , touch and veri enjoy . 
there 's more than a ting of poignanc to it as well , simpli becaus you know it 's not go to be a happi end . 
which lead us to the second half of the film . 
we all knew it wa come . 
i 'm sure director cameron wa look forward with eager anticip to it , becaus as he 's state in interview , the real thrust of the stori ( for him ) wa the sink , and the jack/ros romanc wa a mere a manipul plot devic to get you emot into the film . 
i think that underst the import of the romanc , as i found it far more enjoy than an hour of watch peopl die . 
the iceberg arriv , and the captain announc that titan will have sunk in about an hour . 
and it is an hour . 
my good , we do n't miss a second of that hour ? 
gratuit ? well , perhap not by today 's standard , i 'm sure there 's been far wors produc under the banner of `` entertain `` in other film . 
but i certainli wa n't prepar for how shock and graphic the last hour or so would be . 
not that i 'd expect the word `` understat `` to be part of cameron 's vocabulari ( he who brought us such , umm , vivid film as `` termin 2 `` and `` alien `` ) . 
is it overdon ? 
i thought so . 
understat can sometim work wonder in convey tragedi . 
no , no one expect a happi end , but i did n't quit expect the horrend shock and power scene we were bombard throughout the film 's second half . 
still , whether it wa overdon and heavy-hand or not , if it wa the shock-factor cameron wa after it work , becaus i wa shock and move , in fact i spent most of the last hour in tear ! 
you realli could n't help but get emot involv , whether it wa wish someon would knock that dread psychot fianc of rose 's overboard or desper hope that rose would rescu jack , or that jack would rescu rose , or that they would both surviv . 
perhap the most harrow scene wa when the ship ha sunk , and those that sunk along with the ship freez to death on the water surfac . 
the bit where rose let go of jack 's hand , while promis she 'll never let go in her heart wa particularli heart-wrench , and the sight of rescu boat sail amid the ocean of corps wa a pretti power imag , to put no fine a point on it . 
i love the end , howev , which wa both move and slightli uplift follow the horror of the past hour and a half . 
so , we 've establish that the film is power and move , if the last hour wa rather excess . 
have n't mention the script . 
plot-wis it 's ok , though the jack/ros relationship wa beauti develop , but i 've a feel that 's to the actor credit if anyth . 
as for the dialogu ? well , titan is set in 1912 . 
it 's a period drama . 
but i saw veri littl indic of period in so far as the dialogu is concern . 
did they realli use phrase like `` goddamn it ! `` 
back in the turn of the centuri ? 
i doubt it . 
would someon talk like thi : `` do ya love the guy or what ? `` . 
i doubt it . 
is such dialogu as `` i saw the iceberg , and i see it in your eye now `` not just a bit ? clumsi ? 
ye it is . 
a littl more attent to dialogu would not have gone astray , and cameron himself is to blame ( he wrote the script ) . 
stick with direct , dude . 
but it more than redeem by the act , with dicaprio and winslet on fine form , abli support by a strong cast . 
star of the show wa gloria stuart , though -- whi did n't she win that oscar ? ! 
after all , they were throw oscar at `` titan `` left , right and centr , but gloria wa perhap the most deserv nomine . 
directing-wis cameron doe a spectacular job . 
like i said , hi vision wa a bit excess , but at least he direct it well . 
i have n't even mention jame horner 's beauti score . 
utterli heavenli , though when your dad and sister play the soundtrack a lot you do start to get a bit bore with it ! 
; - ) 
i 've finish my rant , which last a lot longer than i thought it would ! 
just leav a coupl of question ; wa it worth all those oscar ? 
hell , do n't talk to me about oscar . 
bloomin ' farc . 
it wa deserv in a number of depart , though . 
last question ; is it , as some suggest , one of the best film of all-tim ? 
nope , i do n't think so . 
it 's certainli one of the most power and memor film i 've ever seen , but i do n't think it quit rank as one of my all-tim favourit . 
and as for the fact they 're reportedli make a `` titan 2 `` ? well i guess that 's typic hollywood for you ! 
