frequenc n . , 
the number of time a specifi phenomenon occur within a specifi interv as the number of repetit of a complet sequenc of valu of a period function per unit variat of an independ variabl ? etc 
do n't worri . 
when watch the thriller frequenc , you wo n't have to know what the heck frequenc mean . 
the premis , although it may sound complex , is veri basic on the big screen . 
a new york cop , john , ( jim caviezel ) find a radio in hi hous , which allow him to commun with hi new york firefight father , frank , ( denni quaid ) who die thirti year ago . 
immedi john warn hi father that he will die tri to stop a fire in an abandon warehous . 
when frank take hi advic and surviv the accid he wa n't suppos to , the two eventu realiz that by chang that one moment in the past , they have creat a whole new futur in which a serial killer murder john 's mother and nine other women . 
it is now up to john and frank to use their special connect and save thirti year ago to make present time a better place . 
( i told you that wa n't confus ? ) . 
overal , i wa veri pleas with frequenc . 
it 's occasion sappi moment perfectli synchron with it suspens serial killer scene . 
i usual do n't buy those cheesi `` i love you dad `` segment in movi , but thi one surprisingli satisfi me . 
mayb becaus the plot is so creativ and univers that i believ that thi is how most peopl would act when talk to a dead rel . 
frequenc 's creepi premis left me think onc the film end , what if ? 
what would i do ? 
would i help my own famili or save a histor figur from be assasin ? 
or stop some kid from shoot other kid ? 
or buy stock from yahoo ! ? 
( a charact in the film doe the latter with humor consequ ) . 
frequenc also remind me of the fantast back to the futur . 
both share that `` chang the past slightli , and you 'll chang the futur heavili `` warn . 
the chang between the present and the past , such as differ newspap headlin or peopl disappear and reappear in photograph , are veri similar . 
both are also wonder feel-good famili film that can attract to a number of gener . 
the onli differ worth note is that frequenc 's final scene doe n't set up a possibl for a lucr sequel alreadi in the make . 
there are some problem with the film though . 
first , there is a major flaw in the stori toward the end that is somewhat distract ( email me if you have seen the movi and want to know what i think it is ) . 
the plot must have confus even the filmmak who frequent ( no pun intend ) switch from 1969 to 1999 while tell the stori . 
anoth problem is that the support cast , includ noah emmerich and andr braugher , are underus . 
while in the film , which is not enough , the aforement actor steal everi scene they are in . 
frequenc wa a pleasant surpris for me and the audienc i saw it with who cheer at the end . 
even if you know what is go to happen or if you think the preview ruin the movi for you , like it almost did for me , check thi movi out . 
you may be surpris as well . 
