georg littl ( jonathan lipnicki ) want a littl brother . 
after mr . and mr . littl ( hugh lauri and geena davi ) visit the orphang , they decid to adopt stuart , a talk mous ( voic by michael j . fox ) . 
georg is n't so fond of hi new brother when stuart arriv at the littl hous , and neither is snowbel the famili cat ( voic by nathan lane ) . 
georg and stuart eventu bond while prepar for a remot control boat race , but snowbel want stuart out of the hous ( he 's unabl to live with the taunt of other neighborhood felin say it 's ridicul that a mous ha a pet cat ) . 
stuart littl is a mix of live action and comput gener imageri ( cgi ) . 
the charact of stuart , while obvious a comput gener imag , grow on you as the film progress and you 'll soon see him as much more than a mere special effect . 
there is also a great deal of anim train involv with thi film , as mani of the `` support cast `` are actual cat ( with comput anim mouth so they can speak ) . 
it 's fascin to watch these cat give perform without an actual mous to interact with . 
stuart littl is a charm famili film . 
there are some great laugh in the movi ( with a script co-written by the sixth sens 's m . night shyamalan no less ! ) , 
some moment that can onli be describ as `` too cute `` ( the boat race sequenc is what won me over ) and even the major of the one-lin ( common nowaday in children 's film or film featur nathan lane ) are toler . 
kid and parent will love thi one . 
stuart littl is avail on dvd from columbia tristar home video . 
there are two differ dvd on sale : one contain the film in full frame , and the other present the film in it origin theatric aspect ratio of 1 . 66 : 1 . 
both version featur choic of either dolbi surround or dolbi digit 5 . 1 audio . 
both version also contain the follow extra ( and hang in there with me here . . . there 's a lot of them ) : a full length audio commentari track by director rob minkoff and anim supervisor henri anderson , a full length audio commentari track by the visual effect supervisor , an isol score track , an interact trivia game , an interact featurett that goe step by step through eight of the effect in the film , a make of documentari that origin ari on hbo , and a stuart littl read-along stori ( which you can read yourself or have stuart read for you ) . 
there are also three music video , and six theatric trailer ( call thecatr trailer . . . 
get it ? 
it 's funni ! ) for stuart littl and five other columbia tristar releas : the adventur of elmo in grouchland , madelin , the nuttiest nutcrack , muppet from space , and babi genius ( the onli bad thing about thi entir dvd . . . 
i did not want to be remind of the aw that is babi genius ) . 
dvd-rom featur are also on the disc , includ web link and a demo of the stuart littl cd-rom game . 
but wait . . . 
there 's still more ! 
there 's a section call `` basement treasur `` where you will find the audit of the film 's anim , six delet scene which you can select to view with or without commentari from the director , a visual effect gag reel , a product gag reel , and an incred eight minut storyboard sequenc detail the origin concept for the boat race scene ( with commentari from the director ) . 
the first commentari track featur director rob minkoff and anim supervisor henri anderson . 
they give insight and detail thought about the film 's product . 
minkoff like to point out scene where other screenwrit came in and polish up the script , name writer like scott alexand and larri karaszewski ( who wrote the peopl vs . larri flynt and ed wood ) and lowel ganz and babaloo mandel ( who wrote splash and multipl , among other ) . 
anderson is veri appreci of the anim who work with him and often point out which anim work on each scene as they occur . 
the second commentari track featur visual effect supervisor john dykstra and jerom chen who discuss more specif detail of the effect in the film . 
movi fan will enjoy the inform first commentari track , seriou anim buff will love the second one . 
now i know thi is slightli off topic , but it is relat specif to thi dvd so i must voic thi now . 
one of the music video on the disc is for a song call `` i need to know `` by a group call r angel . 
thi video featur four mid-teenag girl ( the singer obvious ) have a slumber parti . 
the girl ask a ouija board `` i need to know . . . 
who to do , who to do , who to do `` as the song begin . 
they then sneak out of their hous , and along the way they strike a pose and their slumber parti pajama are magic transform into middl class streetwalk outfit . 
then they head to a parti and danc suggest with the guy while sing lyric like `` i 'll be your pleasur all the time . . . 
just say the word that you 'll be mine `` . 
um . . . 
what the hell ? 
what doe thi have to do with stuart littl ? 
how is thi in ani way a song suitabl for a kid movi , let alon a video suitabl for a kid movi on dvd ? 
when the video conclud , the word `` to be continu `` appear . 
oh i ca n't wait to see who they 've slept with when the toy stori 2 dvd come out . 
kid wo n't care about most of the special featur on thi dvd , but those of us who can sometim be turn into a `` kid at heart `` thank to a win famili film sure appreci them . 
thi is the way to do dvd , a good movi load with great featur at a reason cost . 
the di $ ney peopl could learn a lot from columbia tristar . 
