by now i figur i 'd seen everi alfr hitchcock film at least a half-dozen time -- not that i 'm complain . 
to call him the `` master of suspens `` is an understat . 
the paradin case ( 1947 ) , admittedli one of hitchcock 's lesser movi , turn out to be one i 'd miss . 
thi one , like all hitchcock film , is well worth savor . 
the stori open with the rich mr . maddalena anna paradin be arrest in her home for poison her blind husband . 
as mr . paradin , alida valli play an aloof but allur woman of the world . 
to franz waxman 's stark and moodi music , we see the prison guard divest her of her luxuri garment and jewel . 
strip of her fine raiment , she becom a common again , which , as it turn out , wa what she wa befor she met her husband . 
`` a brief skirmish , and you 'll be lunch at the savoy again , `` anthoni kean , her ultraconfid attorney tell her in their first meet , predict a fast and easi trial . 
gregori peck play the success and debonair barrist . 
`` she 's no murderess , `` he argu simplist , smitten by her beauti . 
`` she 's too fine a woman . `` 
hi attitud upset hi beauti and increas jealou wife , gay ( ann todd ) . 
unlik most hitchcock movi , which are center on the thriller and the mysteri , thi one is more a romant melodrama . 
typic is the scene in which gay fling her head back and shake her hair while bath in light . 
she deflect her husband 's affect as she fear that he is begin to fall in love with hi client . 
the dramat music then come up high as the camera dwell on mr . paradin 's portrait nearbi . 
in the rel unsatisfi first half , littl happen other than domest squabbl and overton of intens adulter desir . 
to the sound of sweep violin gay tell anthoni that he must get mr . paradin acquit becaus , if mr . paradin die , hi heart will go with her . 
if she is freed , he will be abl to forget her . 
as part of the soap opera , a mysteri loui jordan play mr . paradin 's valet , who ha had some not to be discuss relationship . 
charl coburn play anthoni 's legal partner , sir simon flaquer . 
and charl laughton , who look like coburn , is judg lord horfield . 
thi be proper british societi , they will all dine togeth at the judg 's hous not long befor the case begin . 
court tv junki will probabl pick up the mani differ , some subtl and other not , between the american and the british judici system . 
one , for exampl , of which i wa not awar is that the barrist can not speak to hi own client dure the recess if she is the process of testifi . 
one sometim wonder what the academi is think when they make their oscar nomin . 
as the judg 's wife , ladi sophi horfield , ethel barrymor got a nomin for best support actress -- the film 's onli nomin -- for an inconsequenti part with which she did littl of merit . 
( so the big question is when doe hitchcock make hi obligatori walk-on ? 
at 37 minut into the film , he leav a train station carri a larg music instrument case . 
do n't miss it . ) 
in the second half the stori final come aliv when it get into the courtroom . 
the great master show hi hand there as the tension build as rapidli in the second part as they lay fallow in the first . 
watch how the camera angl are sometim from the back and other time from way on high to set the exact tone for the trial 's action . 
as anthoni explain it , the simpl case ha onli 3 possibl : mr . paradin poison himself , mr . paradin did it , or the valet did it . 
the end includ mani devast revel and some nice twist so it is too bad the first half is so languid . 
the paradin case run 1 : 53 . 
the pictur is in black and white . 
it is not rate but would be pg for matur theme and would be fine for kid around nine and up if they are interest . 
