the maker of jurass park & the director of speed conjur up a storm ! 
( review at eng wah 's new jubile cineplex at ang mo kio ) 
`` unlik earthquak , their furi is precis . 
unlik hurrican , their reach is unlimit . 
unlik fire , there is no way to combat them . 
unlik flood , their terror is sudden . `` 
- excerpt from twister product note 
i 'm sure mani of us live in thi part of the world have never seen tornado ( or twister ) befor . 
i for one , have onli seen the devast effect and footag of tornado from news report on tv and person , i feel tornado-caus destruct come no where near the destruct caus by hurrican and earthquak . . . . . . . . that is until i saw twister . 
the destruct caus by twister may be precis ( not widespread but it move veri fast and it path of destruct is unpredict . 
it will suck in car , hous , livestock , etc . . . . . 
basic anyth in it path that is not firmli root to the ground and in twister , you 'll get to see all thi - close up ! 
twister tell a tale about a group of storm chaser . 
these peopl are basic out-of-their-mind and for the sake of obtain data on twister-occurr , they risk their live by liter chase tornado , tri to get as close as they can . . . . . that 
is if the tornado doe not suddenli decid to chang it path toward them ! 
jo ( helen hunt ) is the leader of thi pack of kamikaz . 
while they are gear up for the mother-of-all-storm as predict by satellit recon , bill ( bill paxton ) , a former co- leader of the team return to settl some divorc paper with jo . 
appar , bill ha left hi rogue-ish day for greener and more practic pastur - as a televis weatherman . 
he catch up with hi old-self and follow the pack like the good ole day , bring hi wife-to-b melissa ( jami gertz ) along , a city-br woman tote around with a handphon . 
jo ha final implement bill initi idea of a devic call dorothi which measur 's of a twister may lead to a better understand on how tornado are form so that a more reliabl early-warn system can be implement . 
the problem is , the devic ha to be place veri near the twister , and in it path ( which is practic unpredict ) of destruct in order for it to function . 
to add to their current challeng , there is anoth group of storm chaser that is corporation-fund led by jona ( cari elw ) and they too have a similar devic . 
thu begin the race ; jo 's cheap govern equip with beaten-up vehicl against jona 's high-tech comput and satellit link-up with their sleek , black all-terrain van . 
plot wise , there are not realli anyth to shout about . 
twister is as predict as ani summer box-offic hit can get . 
there is the danger of the twister , the competit with jonas^o more well-off team and of cours , the settl of differ between jo and bill ( thi part give the film it human substanc ) . 
helen hunt , bill paxton and the rest of the actors/actress give onli averag perform and all of them take back seat to the main thespian in thi movi - the twister itself ! 
thank to the impress digit effect by ilm ( lucasfilm 's industri light and magic ) , we get to see the terror and destruct caus by tornado up close ; from strip barn and hous to lift up livestock ! 
jan de bont onc again prove hi visual abiil ( thank to hi year of experi as a director of photographi for action film ) for action sequenc . 
like hi previou film speed , the tornado sequenc ( which are essenti the action sequenc ) are well visualis and edit . 
audienc will be hold tight to their chair everytim a tornado come on screen ! 
the surround sound effect sure doe help a lot in stress the terror of a twister ! 
( the cinema must at the veri least support digit sound to fulli appreci thi ) twister is definit an effect-depend movi . 
now that id4 fever ha begun to resid , and peopl are get bore of watch will smith whoop et 's ass for the umpteenth time . . . . . . twister is your sure bet of 7 buck well spent ! 
watch it in a good theatr . . . pleas . 
the fli inkpot 's rate system : * wait for the video . 
* * a littl creaki , but still better than stay at home with gotcha ! 
* * * pretti good , bring a friend . 
* * * * amaz , potent stuff . 
* * * * * perfect . 
see it twice . 
