base on the rel unknown ( in comparison to spider-man ) marvel comic book , blade tell the stori of half-vampir half-human ( play by wesley snipe ) who wa born of a vampir 's latest meal . 
now swear vengeanc against all vampir , blade hunt them all . 
hi latest challeng is hi biggest though . . . he 
must stop the vampir deacon frost ( play by stephen dorff ) from summon the blood god and turn the rest of the world into vampir . 
admitedli , comic book are one of the least appreci medium , often view as juvenil by most standard , even seen as illiter by some . 
judg by a seri of poorli reciev ( financi and critic ) comic book base film ( such as batman and robin , steel , barb wire , the crow : citi of angel , and the list goe on ) , one would come to the conclus that comic book are the worst medium to translat into film . 
to some degre , i agre with thi sentiment . 
have read comic book sinc the age of nine ( i 'm 21 right now ) i can count the number of good comic book base movi ( not includ japanes manga ) one hand : 1 : the crow ( 1994 ) , 2 : batman ( 1989 ) , 3 : superman , 4 : the mask , and now , # 5 , blade . 
( `` men in black `` is not on thi list becaus it is an extrem deviat from the origin comic book ) 
whi is thi ? 
for the most part , it is becaus the filmmak understand 
the comic book medium and come up with an appropri atmospher to match . 
the crow and batman comic call for a dark gothic atmospher , which the director provid . 
the mask featur a wacki superhero with off the wall antic , which the cast and cg effect reflect . 
superman 
is not over the top with colour and flash , and the film reflect thi . 
blade use common notion of vampir and incorpor them into the film , creat an appropri atmospher . 
thi is in stark contrast to joel schumach 's contriv vision in batman and robin , reflect the date atmospher in the 1960 's televis show . 
batman and robin prove that the director fail to realiz one fundament fact : comic have grown up , and so ha the audienc ( i 'm work on a scath review of batman and robin and will post it up when i 'm readi ) . 
which bring me back to blade . 
although he may be a familiar charact to some , due to hi appear in the spider-man anim show on fox , one will find no singl trace of the warm-and-fuzzi vampir hunter as depict in the cartoon . 
the film depict a viciou vampir killer that 
use everi singl mean at hi dispos to reach hi end . 
the end result are not pretti by ani mean . 
the stori element work veri well -- for a comic book stori . 
screenwrit david goyer ( who also wrote the crow ) incorpor interest element of vampir lore , use scienc to explain mani of the idea often dismiss in vampir film . 
thi is present through karen , a hematologist portray by n'bush wright . 
thi lead to invent use of standard medic treatment to kill vampir . 
add thi 
to the neat littl gadget that blade use ( includ a titanium sword complet with an `` anti-theft devic `` ) , and one ha an interest premis . 
howev , the film work best as an action film . 
actor wesley snipe ha 
an extens background in martial art ( most of which come from capoeira , a brazillian form incorpor flashi kick ) , choreograph everi singl move . 
prove that quick , flash cut edit are no substitut for choreograph fight sequenc ( see batman and robin for a 
good exampl of that ) , wesley snipe dazzl the audienc with some incred fight scene . 
regardless , thi film is far from perfect . 
the film suffer from at least one major plot hole , regard the summon of the blood god . 
the ritual requir that a number of pure blood vampir are stand on 
mark squar , yet one of them is vicious murder , allow the ritual to pass ( and the murder vampir is later shown stand on the squar ) . 
obviou continu error also surfac , especi dure a scene where deacon frost take a drag on hi cigarett and is not exhal it in the next frame ( there is no trace of smoke either ) . 
much of the special effect are not that spectacular either . 
while vampir disintegr scene are intrigu to watch , other cgi ( comput gener imageri ) effect are almost slap togeth , which is surpris when given the amount of time the film wa given to be releas ( the film 's releas date wa push back multipl time ) . 
scene with comput gener blood look extrem fake , knock the believ factor down a few notch ( but then , i 'm realli hard to impress ) . 
the film 's r rate come from gori violenc , but the lack of 
realism made me wonder whi it got such a rate ( for realist violenc , 
watch `` save privat ryan `` ) . 
the overus of cgi in film ha made me yearn for the day of director georg romero and makeup wizard rob bottin , both pioneer in the art of gore without extens use of cgi . 
still , scene involv non-cgi special effect do surfac ( and look much more impress ) , such as one particularli gruesom scene where a vampir tri to use blade 's sword without deactiv the `` anti-theft devic `` . 
wesley snipe is the save grace behind what would have otherwis been a muddl mess . 
while not talk much , he is a grand physic presenc , leav other comic book superhero in the dust . 
a decent ( by comic book film standard ) storylin also help . 
