what is a scari movi anyhow ? 
is it a movi where a person get rip to shred ? 
is it where a person is be chase by some damn teenag who want reveng ? 
possibl it some guy with a hook who want to know what you did last summer . 
what ever happen to horror movi , where the horror wa in the atmospher , and in the charact . 
movi like `` halloween `` and `` psycho `` which revolution horror genr forev , but wait in 1973 came a movi base on the bestsel book by william peter blatti , entitl `` the exorcist `` , the movi open to rave review , and scare audienc to death , now in the year 2000 `` the exorcist `` come back to the big screen in a version you 've never seen complet with six channel digit surround sound , and fifteen minut of new footag never befor seen as long as a new end . 
chri mcniell is an actress live in georgetown washington with her twelv year old daughter regan . 
while work on a new film , chri still stay close to regan , but start to wonder whi her bed shake at night , and whi regan start to have convuls all of a sudden . 
when chri find out that regan is possess by a demon , she shun at the fact of it , but consid get a priest to help her daughter . 
father karra ( jason miller ) is the man they bring in , hi mother ha just die , and still in mourn he decid to help thi littl girl . 
christ , father karra , and their nanni sharon ( kitti winn ) have to sit and wait until a man show up , that man is the exorcist , and that man will help thi littl girl . 
excrutiatingli scari , the exorcist is a classic horror film , which twenti seven year later still scare audienc half to death . 
now we get to the experi `` the exorcist `` the way it wa meant to be seen in a director 's cut which incorp fifteen minut of new footag cut by friedkin at the time of the releas for content and time , a new end ha been ad as well , and add more of a lighter feel to the movi , which i prefer the origin darker end more . 
the movi ha also been remast in a wonder six channel digit sound mix , and is amaz . 
the voic are all clear , the music pour out on you and engulf you in rich . 
as a director friedkin ha been well known for other film , but hi standout film is `` the exorcist `` nomin for sever academi award it one a few , but wa somehow doubt best pictur , best actress ( ellen burstyn ) and best support actress ( linda blair ) who at the age of i believ thirteen doe a wonder job of be a littl girl , alon , possess and unabl to stop what is go on . 
ellen burstyn i think give her best perform to date , and can be seen current in `` requiem for a dream `` to which she is get rave review for . 
jason miller ( jason patrik 's dad ) is amaz as father karra , and hi perform will be forev embed in my mind , to me he is the charact who make the entir film float along . 
i wa sadden when i saw thi film with an audienc of mostli younger peopl to see them laugh at thi movi , i in no way , think that thi movi is comic , ye some of the stuff regan say is funni , but they were laugh at her head spin , and the green pea soup , come on peopl thi is some creepi stuff ! 
anyway the re-releas of the film ha manag to make $ 40 million dollar , and is still go . 
hope one day they re-releas it again in twenti year for more gener to come to enjoy . 
