what if one of our citi becam the target for terror ? 
what can we do ? 
what can america realli do about the increas threat of terror ? 
what basic human right are we will to sacrific to prevent anoth oklahoma citi disast ? 
so far america ha been the lead nation , oppos the fundamentalist terrorist around the world . 
it is the land of opportun . 
it is the land of freedom . 
but what if it becam the new target ? 
thi dark fantasi ha unfortun a veri strong ground in realiti . 
when a special branch of the unit state militari , under the command of gener william devereaux ( bruce willi ) , take prison suspect terrorist mastermind sheik ahm bin talal , islam fundamentalist across the world take notic . 
the onli warn the fbi receiv is a singl , cryptic messag : `` releas him . `` 
then all hell break loos in new york . 
a bu is destroy , kill 25 civilian . 
a broadway theater is bomb . 
hostag are taken at a school . 
as the wave of terrorist activ crest , the presid must consid if the onli way to save the citi and break the grip of fear is to declar martial law . 
devereaux argu against that eventu , but is nevertheless readi to lead 10 , 000 men into action on american soil . 
anoth person not in favor of martial law is anthoni hubbard ( denzel washington ) , the fbi agent in charg of investig the terrorist activ . 
hi staff is compris of smart , energet , intellig men and women veri much unlik the usual group o ! 
f moron fed we 're use to see in movi . 
hubbard develop an uneasi allianc with cia agent elis kraft ( annett bene ) , whose depart know more about the situat than they 're will to reveal . 
but the attack escal . 
the fbi are helpless , chase an invis enemi . 
the land is under sieg . 
they have lost control . . a 
terror is come from within . . 
what 's great about thi film is that it is made as if hold up a mirror to life . 
it reflect realiti . 
and that 's whi it make such an impact . 
edward zwick ha creat a clever , well written and terrifi thriller that may veri well be one of the best film of the season . 
the director manag to tell sever stori simultan . 
and so hi film play on sever level , never loos focu on it main object . 
he is explor the abus of power , the distrust relationship that exist between variou segment of the u . s . govern ( the armi , the fbi , and the cia ) . 
he take a look at the complex inher when so mani secret and lie are involv . 
the palestinian commun in 1998 new york is treat exactli as japanes american were dure world war ii . 
there are concentr camp and unlaw inter , all in the name of the `` greater good . `` 
in the latter part of the film the land of opportun loos it heart and soul -- freedom . 
wa that what the terror ! 
ist realli want ? 
thi film ha evok protest and object from the arab-american popul in the u . s . and n . y . especi . 
but to me these protest seem unnecessari . 
zwick is care to not step over the line and make the palestinian typic hollywood bad guy . 
the script is therefor wonder balanc . 
agent hubbard 's best friend and loyal colleagu frank haddad ( toni shalhoub ) is lebanese-american . 
and it is quit often you hear line such as `` my first boyfriend wa palestinian . 
they seduc you with their suffer `` or `` they love thi countri as much as we do . `` 
but no matter how you twist thi matter , you wo n't get away from the fact that when it come to world wide terror it is arab-speak popul who are in the great major . 
more to the point , the sieg demonstr the injustic of blanket condemn of ani ethnic group by depict the unfair treatment of all arab-american by the u . s . militari . 
and thu thi film doe not serv as a sourc for discrimin in ani ! 
way . 
denzel washington is dash as alway . 
in thi role he is much more determin and stronger than usual . 
anett bene is enjoy and believ as a shadowi cia oper who prefer espionag , a network of snitch and seduct to gather inform . . 
bruce willi is terrifi as the sadist , hungri for power , that never loos hi connect with the audienc , sinc hi point of view is not too hard to understand . 
the film is elegantli shape . 
the scene are easili float into each other and the film never seem overlong . 
zwick know exactli how to provok tension , horror and emot and doe it with a rare observ profession . 
he tighten the intens as the event progress . 
and when a plot twist come , it actual is surpris . 
it is not a film drain in patriot , like the work of roland emerich . 
nor is it a film that portray explos pure for entertain valu . 
it is a dare pictur that ha courag enough to undertak such a riski stori and difficult journey . 
it ha courag enough to get involv in polit . 
it question our foreign polici , mental and defens . 
i must admit that it end rather disappoint , as the director turn the patriot way up and innov down . 
but despit of that , it is certainli an intellig and thrill film that provok emot and thought ; a virtu that few summer film can boast of . 
`` thi is the u . s . armi . 
it 's a broadsword , not a scalpel . 
believ me , you do not want us in an american citi `` - gen . william devereaux , `` the sieg `` 
