it 's been a long time sinc walt disney ha deliv us a classic along the line of the littl mermaid or beauti and the beast . 
sure , there have been delight outing like last year hercul . 
but noth entir groundbreak . 
with the releas of the studio 's newest featur length film , a remak of edgar rice burrough 's creation tarzan , disney ha plung into new water with both matur and anim techniqu . 
it 's no classic , but thi new tarzan repres exactli what a famili film should be . 
the plot is loyal to the origin storylin , as tarzan 's parent are forc to abandon their ship which ha caught fire , and find shelter in the jungl of africa . 
but , they are kill ( offscreen ) by the snarl cheetah sabor , leav babi tarzan alon and unharm in hi crib . 
found by kala ( voic with effect gentl by glenn close ) , a kindheart mother and member of a gorilla pack , tarzan is taken into the primat group and rais as one of their own . 
we follow the young boy through the year , as he partak in variou adventur with hi loud mouth gorilla friend terk ( a veri brash but funni rosi o'donnel ) and clumsi eleph tantor ( wayn knight ) . 
of cours , in ani disney film we are given some kind of goofi sidekick or humor chum for the hero . 
in tarzan , these charact fill that space rather inconspicu . 
gag that were magnifi in other famili film are kept quit minor here . 
most of the charact are amus without be forc . 
as tarzan grow to manhood , the suspect antagonist stumbl into the pictur . 
here , the notori bad guy is the big game hunter clayton ( brian bless ) , who 's accompani a hapless professor ( nigel hawthorn ) on an expedit through the jungl . 
of cours , there 's the professor 's daughter , jane ( nice vocal by a cheer minni driver ) who will help suppli the romant quotient of the movi . 
the thing that blew my sock off about thi version of tarzan is the stun anim . 
director chri buck and kevin lima have appli a breathtak 3-d element to the movement of the athlet titl charact , and the fast-pac edit is absolut a marvel . 
as tarzan carri jane through the treetop , narrowli escap a pack of nasti baboon , he slip and slide like a daredevil snow boarder or star surfer ride the big wave . 
your eye can bare keep up ; it 's a fantast accomplish . 
the subject matter here is also a notch or two abov anim averag . 
there are import question rais about tarzan 's place in the world , and all are handl except well by the screenwrit . 
there is no shred of doubt left to ponder afterward , which is a surpris plu that i wa n't expect to find here . 
suffic to say , thi film will have both adult and children thoroughli entertain . 
the grown-up tarzan is voic by toni goldwyn , who made a name for himself as the ` big mean jerk ' from ghost . 
goldwyn is effect play someon who 's not awar of hi world 's danger . 
glenn close is also memor as hi gorilla mother , and lanc henriksen ( from tv 's millennium ) is terrif as the silverback father unsur of how to accept the presenc of a human child . 
as the movi 's villain , there is noth particularli special or catch about the charact of clayton . 
it help that brian bless suppli hi voic with game enthusiasm , but he is noth compar to jame wood ' hilari hade from hercul . 
a burley guy with a big gun who just want to captur the gorilla doe not quit constitut for an all-togeth notic screen presenc . 
still , thi is one great thrill-rid that disney ha construct . 
i never expect rice burrough 's work to be transform so success from live action to anim , nor with so much emot depth . 
parent , along with all the kiddi , are go to find much to like in tarzan . 
