scarfac , a remak of the 1932 film of the same name , is a veri grip and , as far as i know , a true-to-lif stori of how power and violenc lead to corrupt . 
al pacino , as toni montana ( for whom the movi is name ) , also provid a brilliant perform as a cuban refuge who come to america with less than noth and becom one of the most highli respect and fear drug lord in miami . 
oliv stone also pen the screenplay in one of hi earlier write role . 
the film begin by disclos the stori of now fidel castro order thousand of cuban to set sail and head for the coast of the unit state . 
mani of these cuban had crimin record , such as toni montana , a cocki , fast-talk man who ha the look of crime . 
nearli right after hi arriv in miami , toni is thrust into the gangster life when he particip in a cocain buy that goe awri . 
along with hi friend and partner , manolo ( steven bauer ) , toni rise in the gangster rank when he form a friendship with frank lopez ( robert loggia ) , a high-rol in the organ crime field . 
toni also begin to fall in love with elvira ( michel pfeiffer ) , who at the time wa frank 's lover . 
of cours , sooner or later in thi industri , betray and corrupt amount into a forc greater than anyth els , and toni is one of the one who fall victim to thi forc . 
thi is not befor he becom one of the most respect , and often fear , men in miami . 
toni get to the point where he can not trust anyon , and everyon he know basic feel the same way toward him . 
no one can trust him , and basic , no one doe . 
scarfac , although incred violent , is one of the best crime film of it time and stand out as anoth great perform for al pacino . 
although he did not receiv ani recognit from the academi for hi perform , it truli is a veri good one . 
in fact , hi accent and facial movement alon are enough in my mind to win at least a nomin ( although he did get a golden globe nomin ) . 
anoth element that stand out when someon mention thi film is the profan . 
a figur tag to the film boast that the word `` fuck `` and it 's use are utter 206 time throughout the film , which is appar a record . 
the thing is , the vulgar fit rather well with the movi . 
as odd as it sound , it 's true . 
in the end , scarfac is a veri power film that hit home hard . 
