trekki , roger nygard 's energet and hilari documentari , bring viewer into the world of the star trek convent . 
the beauti of the film is that it is good old fashion fun for trekki and non-fan alik . 
( the film gener write off the trekki vs . trekker polem as not worth argu about . ) 
the good-spirit movi trekki easili forc even the most cynic viewer into fit of uncontrol , loud giggl , yet the pictur treat it subject matter with respect and a certain awe . 
denis crosbi , who play tasha yar on `` star trek : the next gener , `` serv as the host . 
in the open credit the movi remind us that trekki are the onli fan group list in the oxford english dictionari ( o ) . 
( the o cite a februari , 1976 caption in the `` new yorker `` as the first record usag of the word . ) 
unless you 've been to the convent , i posit that you have no idea of the dedic of some of the fan . 
one point out , apologet , that the stripe on hi new uniform wa slightli inaccur . 
other talk about how mani star trek convent they had attend , sever dozen be typic and hundr not unheard of . 
my person favorit fan is sir speedi photocopi worker barbara adam . 
arguabl the most famou of all the trekki , she wear her uniform everi wake hour as mani die-hard fan do . 
her claim to fame is that , as a juror on the whitewat trial , she wore it in court as well . 
`` everi day i would walk past the report with a vulcan-lik stoicism , `` she say , describ her way of deal with the crowd of report who becam obsess with her obsess . 
she doe n't quit understand all of the uproar . 
`` i 'm an offic of the feder 24 hour a day , `` she remind us . 
her fealti to her hobbi approach that of a religi faith . 
along with the laugher the show evok , there is an equal measur of sincer appreci for peopl with such loyalti . 
and their infecti joy provok a certain envi of their enjoy . 
few other avoc could give thi much satisfact . 
these peopl are have the time of their live . 
( for the record , i 'm not a star trek fan although i have seen some of the movi . ) 
the film interview the variou star trek seri 's star as well as it fan . 
the star had thought the convent idea wa a lark and would soon fade , but over twenti year later , the convent are still go strong . 
fill with anecdot , the show talk about the happen at the variou convent . 
at one , the actor who play q wa so sick that he thought he would have to cancel . 
after appear briefli , he drank some water and left . 
they decid to auction off hi half-empti glass , joke that it had the `` q viru . `` 
the guy who won the bid immedi drank the water and scream to the crowd that he now had the q viru too . 
with dedic come a certain amount of stupid . 
not just flit among peopl , the documentari take the time to let you get to know the trekki . 
one guy is a trekki cross-dress , anoth dress her cat , and then there is the dentist . 
the dentist ha hi entir offic made up to look like a star trek set . 
he , hi oral hygienist , hi receptionist , hi wife , and hi kid wear the outfit all of the time . 
it appear that hi worker are permit to take them off when they go home , but not hi famili . 
for varieti , he and hi famili do chang charact from time to time . 
he say hi patient like it . 
well , there wa thi one complain , but he had a problem with hi bill anyway . 
there are summer school for klingon with ph . d . linguist to teach the languag . 
hamlet is now avail in klingon , albeit perhap not at your local bookstor , and they are work on translat the bibl . 
they even sell unit feder passport that are real enough that trekki have use them to fool custom , even u . s . custom . 
the movi bog down onli briefli when it tri to argu the seri 's larger mean about divers and humanitarian concern . 
sandwich in-between the leviti , the switch in tone doe n't work . 
the incessantli up-beat film end with a sing elvi imperson . 
he fit right in . 
trekki run a breezi 1 : 26 . 
it is not rate but would be pg for brief sexual refer and would be fine for all age . 
