warn : if you actual wish to see the film , stop read thi and see it . 
while i do n't blow ani plot detail , the more you know about a movi , the more disappoint and built up it becom ( wait a month to see titan did the same thing ) . 
but , in a nutshel , it 's a good film . 
star war episod i : the phantom menac review by vinc yim 
never have been the biggest star war fanat in the world ( i wa more into star trek : the next gener ) , it is difficult to relat to the mass fandom surround the latest instal , the phantom menac . 
howev , it ca n't be ignor . 
endless toy line the shelv , endless news report , and a multi-billion dollar advertis campaign make it all the more difficult . 
with the level of thi hype , one would recal an overhyp disast from 1998 , godzilla , which definit fail to live up to expect . 
thank , the phantom menac doe much , much better . 
while the `` first `` star war trilog told the stori of jedi knight luke skywalk , the prequel backped to tell the back-stori of obi wan kenobi and a young jedi name anakin skywalk ( who would becom the father of luke and eventu becom darth vader ) . 
without blow too much of the stori , the phantom menac evolv around a peac planet naboo , which is be held hostag by a greedi trade feder , and it 's up to two jedi knight ( qui-gon ji , play by liam neeson and obi-wan kenobi , play by ewan mcgreggor ) to free it . 
the phantom menac ha taken a liter beat from variou film critic , leav me to lower my expect somewhat . 
common complaint rang from lack of character , weak narr , poor direct of actor , the date style , and too much focu over special effect . 
still , film critic often appli much histor theori in regard to film critic , much of which the averag film buff doe not care for . 
henc , thi film is a lot of fun and definit an improv over the previou film ( even with the `` improv `` in the special edit ) . 
there are mani memor sequenc throughout the film , rang from the fast and furiou `` pod race `` sequenc ( which is a take on the chariot race in `` ben hur `` ) and the mani fight scene involv legion of battl droid . 
util technolog that is light year beyond anyth made befor , special effect and comput are use to creat everyth from monster to robot to amaz cityscap with incred detail . 
no matter how mani time you watch thi film , you will catch someth new . 
the level of humour is a bit higher than the previou film as well , mostli convey through the reluct hero jar jar bink , who belong to a race known as the gungan . 
best describ as an mr . bean from the planet naboo , he steal the show . 
unfortun , be that he is a computer-gener charact , tell a bit about the direct of the actor ( although natali portman as the queen is pretti effect , as is jake lloyd as the young anakin skywalk ) . 
with star war mania at an all time high , there is the risk that the film will disappoint ( i myself had my doubt ) , which thi film doe have a tendenc to do at time . 
there are a few logic problem with the plot , sever thing are left uncheck , and at time seem to be made onli for diehard star war fan ( although the appear of the tusken raider make for more than a few laugh ) . 
that , and young anakin skywalk is a realli annoy charact , come off as a smarmi , arrog brat ( with such an attitud , it 's no wonder whi he turn to the dark side ) . 
still , it seem that mani peopl , especi critic , are miss the point . 
the film is some of the most fun 2 and a half hour that you 'll blow in your life , which is someth i would n't mind do again . 
while it may not have the psycholog impact of an academi award contend , who realli care ? 
the film is pure fun from begin to end . 
and is n't that what realli matter ? 
