deep rise is one of `` those `` movi . 
the kind of movi which serv no purpos except to entertain us . 
it doe not ask us to think about import question like life on other planet or the possibl that there is no god . . . screw that , it say boldli , let 's see some comput gener monster rip into , decapit and gener caus irrepar booboo to a bunch of littl known actor . 
heh ! 
them wacki monster , got ta love 'em . 
of cours , sinc we can rent about a thousand b movi with the same kind of stori , hollywood must give that littl extra `` oumph `` to get peopl in theater . 
that is where deep rise fail , which is a good thing . 
confus ? 
let me explain : 
despit all them flashi effect and big explos , deep rise is still , at heart , a good 'ol b movi . 
luckili , it 's a veri good b movi . 
the worst clich in movi histori are a b movi 's bread and butter . 
therefor , thing that would destroy a seriou movi actual help us have a good time while watch a movi of lower calibr . 
of cours we know there 's a big slimi creatur behind that door , that one person will wander off to be pick off by said monster and we alway know which person or person will make it out aliv . 
we just do n't know when or how horribl it will be . 
i went to see deep rise with my expect low and my toler for bad dialogu high . 
imagin my surpris when i discov that deep rise is actual , well , pretti darn funni at time . 
a funni b movi ? 
well , that 's new . 
these flick are not suppos to make us laugh . 
( except for a few unintend laugh onc a while . ) 
and befor you know it , treat william , we studi and famk jansen appear on the big screen . 
hey ! i know them guy ( and gal ) from a coupl of other movi . 
cool . 
familiar face . 
so far so good . 
our man treat is the hero , he 'll live . 
we is a stapl of b movi , he is the token victim . 
we know he 'll buy the farm but he will take a few creep with him on the way out . 
famk is the babe , 'nuff said . 
there is also a guy with glass ( the guy with glass alway die ) a black person ( b movi buff know that the black guy alway die , never fail ) and a veri funni , nerdi guy . 
( ah ! 
comic relief . 
how can we possibl explain have to kill him . . . let 
him live . ) 
after the first fifteen minut i felt right at home . 
i know who to root for and who i need to boo too and a gum to chew . 
( pleas kill me . ) 
suffic it to say that for the next hour and a half i jump out of my seat a few time , went `` ewwww `` about a dozen time and nearli had an orgasm over all the explos and firepow our hero were pack . 
i 'm a man , we nottic these thing . 
all in all , i 'd recommend deep rise if you are look for a good time and care to leav your brain at the door . . . but 
bring your sens of humor and excit in with you . 
the act is decent , the effect top rate . 
how to best describ it ? 
put togeth the jet ski scene from hard rain , the bug attack from starship trooper , a coupl of jame bond like stunt and all those scene from friday the thirteenth and freddi where you keep scream `` do n't go there , he 's behind you `` and you end up with deep rise . 
for creepi crawli good , tight t-shirt , major firepow and the need to go to the bathroom everi fifteen minut from se all that water . 
