jay and silent bob strike back can right be subtitl `` kevin smith 's greatest hit `` for the film is compris of numer refer and charact from smith 's earlier work includ , clerk , mall rat . 
chase ami and dogma . 
so , be advis : bone up on that cinemat quartet in order to achiev the maximum enjoy from smith 's latest outing . 
kevin smith must be a veri likabl person becaus sever good sport took a ton of kid in thi featur , most notabl miramax , the studio whose subsidiari , dimens film , is jay and silent bob 's distributor . 
other deserv accolad includ ben affleck , matt damon , director gu van zant and we craven and the mighti georg luca . 
thi is a laugh-fil , foul-mouth road film with jay ( jason mew ) and silent bob ( smith ) hitch to hollywood to sabotag miramax 's product of bluntman and chronic , comic book charact base on the two jersey slacker . 
jay 's convolut reason is that if the film is shut down , peopl on the internet will stop insult him and bob , even though it is not him and bob the peopl are diss , but rather their comic book counterpart . 
no matter , the duo begin their long trek hitch ride across the countri . 
but first they get some tip from a veteran hitchhik , play by georg carlin , who tell them to follow `` the book `` - the rule of the road . 
of cours jay 's interpret immedi get the duo in troubl with a friendli nun ( carri fisher ) who offer them a ride . 
jay and silent bob contain enough laugh that the movi 's weaker aspect - which includ a lame subplot about a girl gang of diamond thiev as well as a buffoonish feder park ranger play by will ferrel - can be easili toler . 
realli , how can you not laugh at a film in which our hero are pick up by the mysteri van , and jay ha a pot-induc hallucin concern velma and daphn . 
the movi 's highlight , though , is near the final . 
in hollywood , jay and silent bob sneak onto the miramax lot where they crash the set and are mistaken for extra of the latest affleck-damon pictur , good will hunt 2 : hunt season . 
here we are privi to a hilari convers between affleck and damon in which the two put down each other 's career and film choic . 
and the laugh continu to grow . 
next up is jason ( american pie ) bigg and jame ( dawson 's creek ) van der beek , the actor chosen to portray bluntman and chronic . 
the pair mistak jay and silent bob for their stunt doubl . 
final , come a star war homag featur one of the star of that legendari featur . 
thi bit will leav you howl . 
smith 's obviou affect for pop cultur icon is evid in the way he shoot these scene and handl hi perform . 
he allow them to play it all tongue-in-cheek . 
their fun come through the screen to the audienc . 
it is too bad that thi is jay and silent bob 's swan song . 
the charact have grown sinc their support role debut in clerk . 
but smith realiz that time have chang , and he doe n't want hi creation to overstay their welcom . 
so smith ha provid them with just the right kind of exit , save the best for last . 
goodby jay and silent bob . 
at least you 're go out with a blast . 
