if thi keep up , jane austen ( sens and sensibl , pride and prejudic ) may have to appli for posthum membership to the screen writer guild . 
yet anoth novel of her ha made the transit to the silver screen . 
mansfield park is a turn of the centuri ( 18th centuri go on 19th ) stori about love among the class as well as an examin into proper societi and famili tie . 
ten year old fanni price ( hannah taylor-gordon , jakob the liar ) , taken from her mother and father and the poverti in which they dwell , is sent to live with her aunt and the privileg class at mansfield park , under the stern patriarch hand of her uncl , sir thoma bertram ( harold pinter , mojo ) 
spend her day remind of her lower statu , she also invent and write fanci stori dure her privat time . 
fanni eventu grow to becom a beauti , intellig , and engag heroin ( quit unlik the origin charact which ms . austen origin pen in her novel . ) 
writer/director patricia rozema ( when night is fall ) is respons for the textual chang . 
from a pure dramat perspect , the revis make perfect sens and improv the film 's audienc appeal . 
what ms . rozema ha done is to infus the main charact with much of ms . austen 's own person by includ excerpt from the author 's journal , give that dialogu to fanni . 
the result is a central charact that is immedi appeal . 
as the grown fanni , australian actress franc o'connor ( all about adam ) doe wonder textur work . 
at time , ms . rozema ha fanni address the camera directli to commun mani of the novel 's more introspect observ . 
thi is a difficult devic to work seamlessli into a period film and it is to ms . o'connor 's credit that it work as well as it doe . 
the central theme which give the stori it leg in an old one . . . 
whether it is better to marri for love or for social stand ? 
fanni ha fallen in love with her cousin edmund ( jonni lee miller , plunkett & maclean ) who appear fond of her as well . 
hi attent are soon divid as the stylish and social accept mari crawford ( embeth davidtz , bicentenni man ) enter the pictur along with her equal accept brother henri ( alessandro nivola , invent the abbott ) who eventu set hi romant sight upon fanni . 
while mari and henri are evid less than sincer in their affect , their presenc doe provid the movi and the main charact with the necessari conflict that keep our interest until the film 's appropri austen-lik end . 
other themat devic includ a awkwardli insert refer to the sourc of the wealth of mansfield park . . . 
the slave trade . 
there is also a hint of both lesbian and incest but neither is carri veri far and is soon forgotten . 
the motiv for marriag remain the primari themat thrust . 
fanni 's cousin , maria bertram ( victoria hamilton , persuas ) is an exampl of one make a poor match , marri a well-to-do fool who is abl to make her comfort , but never happi . 
fanni 's own mother , trap in her chosen life of squalor warn fanni by admit that her situat is due to the fact that she `` marri for love . `` 
fanni , given those two terribl exampl , and face with the same choic is understand indecis as to which way to lean . 
the spiritu answer , of cours , lie in the middl of those two extrem . 
marriag is not a cold , calcul decis base upon self-preserv . 
neither is it a senseless decis made in the warm afterglow of a passion embrac . 
in the purest sens , marriag form an insolubl union wherebi two peopl agre to function as one . 
`` and said , for thi caus shall a man leav father and mother , and shall cleav to hi wife : and they twain shall be one flesh ? `` 
matthew 19 : 5 [ kjv ] 
love and logic can be combin . 
god 's word contain both . 
so doe a marriag base upon hi truth . 
