it ha happen again . 
a movi that is well script , well act , and well direct . 
it is involv , suspens . . . 
it even ha an unexpect twist at the end that pack a punch like a blow to the solar plexu . 
but in order to accept it premis one must also accept a spiritu lie . 
the sixth sens is that movi . 
star bruce willi ( armageddon ) as a child psychologist and haley joel osment ( forrest gump ) as a troubl youngster , the sixth sens is more spooki than scari , though it doe contain disturb imag design to startl . 
eight-year-old cole sear ( osment ) see dead peopl . 
not just in dream . 
and not just as lifeless bodi . 
he see them walk around like regular peopl . 
and he see them all the time . 
dr . malcolm crow ( willi ) is tri to help him . 
he recogn in cole mani of the same attribut as one of hi earlier patient whom crow fail , result in that patient shoot crow befor turn the gun on himself . 
if crow could manag to find a way to help cole , he believ he just might be abl to put hi own demon to rest . 
but first he need to gain cole 's trust . 
the boy is so frighten by what he see , he ha close himself off emot , be unwil to tell anyon . . . 
not crow , not even hi own mother ( toni collett , clockwatch ) . . . 
about hi `` secret . `` 
crow begin to spend more and more time with him , even as hi own marriag start to dissolv around him , hi wife anna ( olivia william , rushmor ) becom cold and distant becaus of hi neglect of her and hi preoccup with the boy . 
bruce willi underplay hi role , allow the excel script to do most of the work of build charact develop . 
crow move from treat a troubl boy who wo n't commun , to treat a troubl boy who is have hallucin , to wonder if perhap there is n't some truth behind what the boy see . 
mr . willi doe a servic job , let the focu remain on the stori instead of on hi familiar action hero screen persona . 
eleven-year-old haley joel osment manag to impress us with hi perform . 
he demonstr an amaz amount of self-composur as well as an abil to play nuanc in a complex charact as if he were a season pro . 
it is fine work for one of such a tender age . 
keep your eye on thi young man . 
the support cast is also quit effect . 
toni collett , as the confus , frighten , and frustrat mother who ca n't understand what is happen to her child ; olivia william , as crow 's onc love wife who is shut down emot due to the lack of attent from her husband ; and donni wahlberg ( ransom ) as crow 's ex-pati , now grown , who illustr hi doctor 's failur to help him in the most vivid term imagin . 
twenty-eight year old m . night shyamalan ( wide awak ) direct hi own script , maintain a proper tension throughout the film and craft the storytel so expertli that the film 's full impact is not reach until it final moment , when a surpris revel forc a reevalu of all that preced it . 
it is a rare movi which manag to pull that off and mr . shyamalan , as the one respons , is certainli to be commend . 
in give the sixth sens a favor `` three star `` review for it craftsmanship and artist merit , i must also point out that , spiritu speak , the film is highli mislead . 
there is no scriptur foundat upon which to base a belief in ghost or the `` live dead . `` 
the concept of death be a doorway to anoth plane of exist is a devilish lie that ha been around as long as man himself . 
the first lie record in the bibl wa devis by the serpent who assur eve , `` thou shall not sure die , `` a direct contradict of god 's admonit . 
that same lie ha been perpetu ad infinitum throughout the age . 
scriptur do speak of a time when the dead shall rise but that wonder demonstr of victori over death will not commenc until after the second come of christ . . . 
an event which ha not yet occur . 
therefor , the dead remain in a state of oblivion , have no conscious , until that long-await time when the final trump shall sound . 
and then , you 'll need six sens to regist all the joy and rejoic that will resound throughout the heaven . 
