in 1995 , brian singer and christoph mcquarri dream up a simpl concept : the audienc is n't stupid . 
from that , they went on and creat the most plot-driven , intric piec movi in the last 25 year . 
the result : the usual suspect , one hell of a movi that redefin the word plot twist . 
the stori is convolut , and is realli confus to read , although easi to follow on screen . 
special investig kujan ( chazz palminteri ) grill `` verbal `` kint ( kevin spacey ) , a crippl con-man who is the lone survivor of an la boat explos that claim more than 20 victim . 
kujan want to confirm that hi nemesi , the rogu cop keaton ( gabriel byrn ) , is actual dead . 
kint relat the major of the film in flashback , begin with the fate day when five shifti guy meet in a police-st lineup in new york citi . 
along with dour keaton , kint encount cheer sociopath mcmanu ( stephen baldwin ) , mordantli sarcast hockney ( kevin pollak ) , and fenster ( benicio del toro ) , whose speech is virtual incomprehens . 
togeth they plot to steal a small fortun in gem from `` new york 's finest taxi servic `` -- crook cop who provid escort servic for visit drug kingpin . 
what follow is a shell-gam of violenc and betray , all hing on the ident of a mysteri villain call keyser soze . 
the film is brilliantli compact : it the shortest 90 minut you 'll ever spend in a movi theater . 
the cast is except . 
palminteri shine , he is brutal honest , a true cop , one who is go after the whole stori becaus it there . 
byrn is terrif , hi brood charact , hi serious is need to supplement the hysteria of benicio del toro , who is a riot as fenster . 
del toro is brilliant , hi line are a jumbl mess , you ca n't understand a word the man say , but it sure is damn funni . 
baldwin is also veri good , he is care , method , and cold , a chill charact with a nasti streak of hot-blood sarcasm . 
pollak is also terrif as usual , a veri good charact actor . 
howev , thi will be forev known as the film that launch kevin spacey . 
spacey is simpli breathtak , he is a forc on screen , give a magnet perform that jar the sens at the end of thi twist maze . 
spacey 's perform will be rememb for year , for it is the best of hi career , it may be the best support actor perform in the last 50 year . 
verbal kint is a clever storytel , weak , oppress , and gleefulli evil to the bone , yet piti , one who draw sympathi . 
the film is a good one , a decent film until the last 10 minut . 
what thi film boil down to is the greatest end in cinemat histori , for me at least . 
the revel of keyser soze , the close gunfight , it is someth wondrou . 
you have to see thi movi about 10 time to believ what they do . 
kudo to mcquarri and singer for give the audienc a delight , fast-pac , furious plot-driven movi with quirki charact , phenomen act , and some hilari moment stuck in the middl . 
mcquarri refus to believ the audienc is dumb . 
without furnish too mani detail , he concoct hi stori and let it run , hope the audienc get it at the end . 
we do . 
thi might just be the finest cinemat puzzl ever creat . 
kudo also to singer and john ottman , who creat the score . 
they both creat what is a true film-noir set , care set up thi intric puzzl until the final , jar end . 
there are flaw : more question rais than answer , lack of charact develop , and no strong femal charact ( save one ) . 
howev , the plot , and that stun end , make up for all the flaw and more . 
if you have n't seen the movi , rent it . 
watch it . 
then rewind the tape , and watch it again . 
trust me , you 'll be amaz . 
