in the grand scheme of mel gibson movi , payback wa better than conspiraci theori , but not as good as braveheart or lethal weapon . 
in other word , it 's a decent coupl of hour of entertain , but 20 year from now if a they compil a list of mel gibson 's greatest hit , payback probabl wo n't be on it . 
gibson play a crook who get doubl cross by hi partner after they heist a payrol . 
mel 's partner need the money to pay off a mob debt . 
so he put a coupl of bullet in mel , leav him for dead , and goe on to pay off hi creditor . 
but , mel is n't dead ( it would be a real short movi if he wa ) and he certainli is n't happi . 
to make matter wors , he want hi money back and is will to go to ani length to accomplish thi feat . 
hi ex partner ha alreadi use it to pay off the mobster , so mel goe after the mob to get it back . 
payback is often a veri violent film . 
to it credit , there are a few scene that could have been veri graphic , but the director ( i 'm not sure which one -- more about that in a second ) made the choic to let the audienc use their imagin instead of subject us to the usual gratuit gore found in mani film . 
the film appear a bit disjoint in place , which is understand consid produc / star gibson wa n't thrill with how the film turn out and want part of it re-shot . 
when the director refus , anoth one wa brought in to do the re-shoot . 
so as a result while the final product is appar better than the origin ( although person i would love to see the origin version for comparison sake ) it doe get a bit of a choppi feel to it toward the end . 
it 's alway tough to make a film where the main charact is a villain , unless that person ha some redeem qualiti . 
in thi case , gibson 's charact ha few redeem qualiti . 
but hey , it mel , so even when he is kill peopl in cold blood we are still root for him . 
my guess is that if that you put some other johnni banana actor in thi role , the audienc would not be quit as respons . 
gibson is gibson , whether he is play a suicid cop or a stone cold killer , he doe a good job . 
he almost guarante that no matter what els happen in the rest of the movi at least the audienc is go to get one good perform . 
thi time out mel is surround by a good support cast , includ maria bello ( as hi love interest ) , william devan and kri kristofferson ( as mod boss ) . 
the man who steal the show and unfortun doe n't have a real big part is jame coburn ( as yet anoth mobster ) . 
if i had one big disappoint in thi film , it would be that coburn did n't have a bigger role . 
in the end , payback is a fairli solid action thriller , just not in quit the same leagu as some of mel gibson 's other work . 
