i want to correct what i wrote in a former retrospect of david lean 's war pictur . 
i still think that it doe n't deserv be the number 13 in the american film institut 's list of the 100 greatest american movi . 
and i think that lumet 's `` 12 angri men `` , wilder 's `` wit for the prosecut `` and kubrick 's `` path of glori `` would have been better choic for the best pictur oscar in 1958 . 
but i ca n't deni the import of `` the bridg on the river kwai `` - cinemat and in it content . 
the film is set in burma in 1943 . 
a bataillon of british soldier in japanes war captiv is forc by the japanes to build a strateg moment railway bridg over the river kwai . 
but the british command offic , colonel nicholson ( alec guin ) , insist - correspond to the geneva convent - that hi offic need n't work as simpl workmen . 
struggl toughli , col . nicholson forc the japanes command , col . saito ( sessu hayakawa ) , to give way in thi respect . 
afterward col . nicholson assidu commit himself for the build of the bridg . 
he consid it an opportun to rais hi men 's moral , and he want to prove superior british capabl to the japanes . 
but the british high command send a few soldier who shall destroy the bridg , among them the american shear ( william holden ) - an escape from the japanes prison camp - and the british major warden ( jack hawkin ) . . . 
a flaw of the pictur is the clich ? d character of the japanes peopl . 
they are present as if they were intellectu inferior to the british - as if the japanes were incap of build a bridg . 
and the film doe n't consist question the militari spirit as kubrick doe in `` path of glori `` . 
lean seem rather fascin by the militari hierarchi . 
thi is also percept in the convers between col . nicholson and col . saito . 
in thi regard it is symptomat that shear , who doubt the militari logic , is a somehow unpleas person in the film . 
the audienc is suppos to applaud col . nicholson 's persever concern the question if hi offic shall work on the bridg or not . 
the spectat are suppos to neglect the risk col . nicholson take for hi men . 
( the plot by-pass these risk . ) 
that mean , the pictur is n't perfect . 
but it ha a lot of virtu as well . 
it show the `` mad `` of war and what war can produc in peopl 's mind . 
it show how col . nicholson becom possess by the idea of be a hero and that other ( like shear ) get cynic . 
and `` the bridg on the river kwai `` is an interest studi of charact with clash interest . 
these point and the sometim iron dialogu make thi film an anti-war film ( despit the inconsist in the treatment of thi theme ) . 
david lean 's effect and atmospher perfect direct creat a high suspens , especi in the dramat ( though not wholli plausibl ) showdown . 
alec guin doe a magnific job of bring col . nicholson to life and make him such an interest charact . 
the other actor deliv veri good perform as well . 
jack hildyard 's fine color cinematographi and the apt score are also help . 
i like thi extraordinari film despit it weak . 
( c ) karl rackwitz ( klein k ? ri , germani , 1999 ) 
