as much as i want to like thi film as i went into it , the more pleas i wa when i left . 
first , get through all the usual line of newspap glitz : `` if you like scream , you 'll love wild thing ! `` 
`` campbel give a stun perform ! `` 
`` thi twisti plot will have you dazzl for day ! `` 
( oh yeah , the day a newspap use these is the day neve campbel fall in love with me ) 
now , onto more seriou stuff ( and with thi film , i mean that in nearli a sarcast way ) . 
wild thing ha single-handedli broken down the rule surround the r rate from the mpaa . 
i 'm not say that in a bad way , but when you see thi film , you may be shock by what you see . 
howev , perhap the mpaa wa pleas by the film 's charm cast and tricki plot , that they let the film slide with an r rate . 
be mormon , i 'm bound to hear an uproar from religi zealot warn me not to see the film . 
troubl is , i have alreadi seen it . 
and i like it ! 
wild thing is a film noir of the 90 , fill with 40 sensibl , and yet break the rule and modern-day taboo of 90 cultur . 
the style in which it is film is rich in color . 
the actor are all gorgeou peopl , seemingli drawn from the same gene pool and place into thi film . 
sure , it 's all too good to be true , but ai n't it fun to watch ? 
when movi like thi come along ( sort of a better version of basic instinct ) there is bound to be peopl who either love it or hate it . 
there will be peopl who do n't want to admit like what they see , but i tell you , most anyon who see thi will like it . 
wild thing begin at blue bay high school , the one high school in the world that ani teenag would love to get into . 
it 's almost as if student are put through entranc exam just for admitt ( total base on look alon ) . 
of cours , there are those select few who may look slightli ugli , but compar to the averag person , they are gorgeou . 
immedi , the film find it tone and the audienc settl in for an enjoy time . 
we can turn off our brain , right ? 
wrong . 
while you may be expect one thing to happen , it certainli doe n't turn out that way . 
the film begin in a classroom , with nearli all the main charact present . 
there 's sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) , a counselor for the student . 
he 's head the class discuss . 
there 's also kelli van ryan ( denis richard ) , a snobbi rich teen who ha fallen in love with sam . 
teach the class , howev , are two policemen : ray duquett ( kevin bacon ) and gloria perez ( daphn rubin-vega ) , who want to talk about 'sex . . . 
( cheer ) crime ( boo ) ' . 
`` what is a sex crime ? `` 
ray ask . 
`` not gettin ' ani ! `` 
one student respond . 
thi pretti much set the tone of the film we are about to watch . 
howev , upon hear thi , one student , suzi toller ( neve campbel ) , stand up and leav the room , comment that they can both kiss part of her bodi . 
and so , wild thing set into motion . 
quickli , kelli begin hit on sam , but sam doe n't want anyth to do with her advanc . 
kelli is stubborn and continu to pursu him . 
she even plead with him to let her wash hi jeep . 
surprisingli , that 's realli all i can tell you about the plot . 
ani more would give away one of the mani crucial plot twist . 
and what 's more , these plot twist are actual unpredict . 
go along the way of scream , wild thing maintain that film 's surpris , and then add even more to them . 
there are more plot twist in thi film than probabl ani i have ever seen . 
and even though you think you may get tire of them , the surpris are so genuin that it 's rather pleas . 
go back over them in my mind , nearli all of them work , though some stretch the boundari of belief . 
thank , the convolut plot doe n't give us much time to think about each one , pounc yet anoth twist on us befor the shock of the previou one ha worn off . 
as for the critic who complain that the film is trashi -- well , it is . 
thi is pretti much just one trashi film . 
howev , it is the kind of trashi that is n't hard to watch . 
it 's good trash , in a sens . 
one , the screenplay know that it 's not to be taken serious , and it includ a lot of humor and satir into the stori . 
thi vari everywher from kelli 's mother ( theresa russel ) , who is more of a caricatur of rich peopl , all the way to an ambulance-chas lawyer ( bill murray ) , who wear a neck-brac to cover an insur scam he is run . 
bill murray also provid the best charact in the film , and most of the genuin laugh . 
and two , the sex is more than gratuit , although not unwelcom . 
wild thing is suppos to have sex in it ( what film with that titl would n't ? ) , and thi movi break the boundari . 
instead of have heterosexu sex scene , it also includ lesbian scene between denis richard and neve campbel ( do n't worri . . . 
it 's not as graphic as you might think ) . 
the heterosexu scene are quit graphic , but the surpris shocker is kevin bacon 's full-front nude scene . 
it 's veri brief , so if you blink , you may miss ( ahem ) it . 
and , for as long as i can rememb , i do n't think i have seen an r-rate film show an erect one befor ( it 's not complet , but judg from the audienc ' reaction , it wa more than they expect too ) . 
also , dure one scene late in the film , there seem to be a relationship brew between bacon and dillon 's charact , but noth came of it ( make you wonder if the director had to cut it in order for the r rate , or if the actor refus to do it ) . 
what first made me want to see wild thing wa it cast . 
neve campbel , of cours , ha been one of my favorit actress sinc the scream film were releas . 
here , howev , she turn everi typic role she ha done on it head and play a gothic pothead . 
the closest role to thi wa her perform in the craft ( though even in that she wa a nice girl ) . 
campbel is probabl the best in the film and show her wide rang of talent . 
you can tell she will be around for a long time . 
denis richard will also be around for a long time , although she may be limit to the role without much rang . 
here , she get to express more emot than in her stiff ( yet effect ) perform in starship trooper . 
hope one day she will land a veri good role that can display her abil . 
and then there is daphn rubin-vega , a newcom to the movi . 
she give a veri good perform , although her charact is mostli left to the background for the first hour and a half . 
toward the end she doe get a bigger part . 
on the male side , matt dillon is probabl the best , give a subtl perform that surpris with everi twist . 
kevin bacon ha a slightli wooden charact , but he make the most of it . 
you must have admir , though , for what he did on screen . 
and judg from mani of the women 's reaction in the theater to that shot , they have grown a deeper appreci for bacon ( yeah , right ) . 
and then there is bill murray . 
hi perform is the comic relief , and he nearli steal the film . 
as a whole , the entir cast work wondrous togeth , and they seem at home , even when do the menag a troi . 
director john mcnaughton , who ha previous done the critic acclaim henri : portrait of a serial killer , ha construct a wonder twisti plot that work . 
hi direct is smooth and stylish . 
the visual are strike , fill with rich color , and almost so realist that we can actual breath the humid in the air . 
howev , he seem more at home when the actor are n't talk . 
hi fly-bi shot of the swampi area are brilliant , and hi photographi of denis richard ' climb out of the pool is a highlight . 
the cinematographi is gorgeou in it detail . it not often that you see a film like thi , and we should watch it just to see how the camera can take pictur . 
then , there is the music . 
thi wa probabl the most obviou thing to me , as it set the perfect mood for the film . 
it 's hard to describ in word , so just see the film and listen to it . 
it 's wonder compos and present . 
and be sure to stick around dure the close credit ! 
mcnaughton ha final put the end credit to good use ( while most comedi use it for outtak ) . 
he ha includ some small scene which help explain the preced event . 
some may say that these are lame attempt to explain the convolut plot , but it 's an entertain way to finish the film . 
plu , there are some shock moment in these end credit which just add to the fun . 
wild thing is appropri rate r for strong sexual , nuditi , languag and violenc . 
again , the nuditi is rather unnecessari , but let 's face it -- peopl want to see it . 
so whi not give it to them ? 
neve campbel , admir , ha a no-nud claus in her contract , and the most you see of her is from behind as she take her top off ( way to go , neve ! ) . 
the sex scene are graphic , especi the first one we see , between the mother and one of her deck hand . 
one almost wonder how they got away with the r rate . 
the languag is quit harsh too , rang from sexual innuendo to your averag , everyday profan . 
and i ca n't stress it enough : do n't allow kid under 18 to see thi film . 
the target age for the movi is the 18-24 rang , and that 's who should see it . 
it 's definit not for those under 18 ! 
did i mention that thi film is rate r ? howev , for those that do get a chanc to watch it , you will probabl more like be pleas , and may even take friend to see it the next time . 
