as i write the review for the new hanks/ryan romant comedi you 've got mail , i am acut awar that i am type it on a comput and send it a billion mile away on the internet . 
i am also awar that i have just spent the last 2 hour watch the world 's biggest paid commerci for america onlin . 
and i wonder : is that so bad ? 
well , the commerci part is . 
as for the movi , well , as long as i can watch tom hank and meg ryan , i think i 'll be okay . 
to paraphras jame berardinelli , whose review i admir veri much , tom hank and meg ryan can act . 
they are both wonder , but for all of hank ' gloriou work in seriou film , such as hi magnific perform in save privat ryan , and hi gloriou triumph in philadelphia , i like him best when he 's suitabl obnoxi . 
tom hank is wonder when he is obnoxi in a romant comedi when he 's go to get the girl : the onli question is how ? 
meg ryan , america 's high school sweetheart , can act . 
she 's had a hand of memor perform , includ the great scene in the diner in when harri met salli ( i must not mention what she doe , due to the , well , um , you get the idea , and if you do n't , get the movi -- fantast ) . 
but , i like her best when she 's , well , perki . 
she is so ador perky/cut that togeth with hank , they are the most amaz onscreen duo in my short lifetim . 
some peopl have them go back to realli old classic romant coupl , but i do n't realli know . 
all i know is that i just like them both . 
they have such wonder kinet chemistri that 's realli hard to resist , and i 'm not go to even tri . 
they 're just realli , realli cute , sweet , and charm . 
hank and ryan collabor onc again with nora ephron , who direct them in the megahit sleepless in seattl . 
here , the setup is a littl differ . 
kathleen kelli ( ryan ) own a small children 's bookstor which her mother found 42 year ago and pass down to her . 
she is success , beauti , and date a well-known columnist with veri radic idea ( kinnear ) . 
she is also have an affair , of sort . 
you see , kathleen , with the handl shopgirl , is secretli email ny152 . 
they have a strictli un-detail relationship : there are no specif , and they have no idea who each other is . 
ny152 happen to be joe fox ( hank ) , a multimillionair booksel who is the heir to the fortun of the fox chain of mega-bookstor , run by hi father ( coleman ) . 
fox book ha decid to open a store on the west side , right across from a littl children 's booksel name `` shop around the corner `` , run by a perki girl name kathleen kelli . 
everi morn , these two email each other silli , and everi day , they fight `` to the death ! ! `` . 
it 's a charm premis , and one that work nice , balanc the immens troubl kathleen is in with the romanc she want to have . 
it also ha the great sens of be a classic romanc : there is no `` let 's have sex tonight `` mantra , if you 'll excus my blunt . 
thi is a solid romanc built around that vagu concept of love . 
hmm . well , the movi goe through twist and turn , have some sad moment and happi one , until at one moment tom hank and meg ryan `` hook up `` , to use modern terminolog , and kiss their way into happi . 
you know it 's go to happen , the question is now ? 
thank , ephron ha a wonder support cast with posey , kinnear , chappel , and a host of other , includ a great scene involv brother , aunt , and two sweet kid . 
it 's all cute and wonder , and for all of the ideal , it make me feel good . 
hank is as obnoxi as ever on the outsid and as warm on the insid as he alway is . 
he is , i believ , america 's greatest actor . 
doe he show it here ? 
nah . 
but he 's still tom hank , and she 's still meg ryan . 
which is what thi movi boil down to . 
it 's pure confect . 
all the bit about the godfath , the joke , the superb script , it 's all realli sweet . 
there are some immens flaw , like pace . 
the last third of the movi realli doe n't work as well as i would have like , and for a romant comedi , it 's slow . 
onc hank know the secret , it get realli slow . 
i even look at my watch a coupl time , to make sure ephron wa go to deliv the big onscreen kiss i wa wait for , so that i could get home at a reason hour . 
the other problem is that thi movi is shape up to be realli date . 
e-mail ? 
when my kid are my age , i do n't know what we 'll be use . 
but hank can do more with one eyerol than anybodi , and meg ryan just love to dive into a pillow better than anyon in movi histori . 
they just work togeth , and it 's nice to see . 
it give you , well , a smile . 
the script help with some great line that are absolut hilari , and that alway come at the exact right time to keep the audienc awak . 
i wa argu with my father on the drive back home on what the purpos of movi wa . 
i 've alway believ that movi are veri power , veri power inde . 
you see , mankind ha three abil he need to surviv : the abil to think , entertain , and procreat . 
movi can definit do the first two , and as for the third , well , i 'd rather not think about that . 
i alway thought film that made you think enlighten you and made you see someth from anoth viewpoint , and that film that entertain you were good , becaus you forgot about your troubl and thought about someth nice for a night . 
and i wa think about how incred a year tom hank ha had . 
hank wa the drive forc behind one of the year 's best film in save privat ryan , which is one of those think film that truli made someon wonder about the world . 
he 's also half of the glue behind the year 's best exampl of pure entertain . 
tom hank and meg ryan are magic , as is thi movi . 
it 's a sweet , love affair with a technolog twist . 
it may be a long commerci , but it gave me a pretti big smile on my face . 
