mayb the most import thing about thi movi is that it 's not handl like the hallmark hall of fame movi of the month , becaus it veri well could have been a manipul tearjerk , broadcast on abc on a monday night , star kelli martin and yasmeen bleeth , respect . 
becaus it 's not handl like the greatest stori ever told is precis whi it 's so great . 
underneath the to-die-for cinematographi , the brilliant act , and incessantli wonder direct is a film of modesti , not sure whether or not thi stori is total great but with the ball to run with it , tell it in a certain origin way . 
it doe n't mere go from plot point to plot point . 
it goe from charact to charact . 
it obsess itself with the depth and the style of it all , and make the stori of a world-reknown cellist who contract ms and die prematur into the stori of two sister , both musician , who have a total uniqu relationship . 
it 's that their relationship is the center of the stori that make thi film transcend ani cornbal , shamelessli tire tearjerk qualiti it could have had and make thi , unlik `` patch adam , `` effortlessli emot and real . 
in short , thi movi is just awesom . 
it mere tell it stori realli well , and that 's someth that just ha to be commend these day , when most stori are botch becaus they 're not told by great storytel . 
director anand tucker tell thi stori well . 
he overdramatic everyth , but still keep it real . 
the film tell the stori of hilari and jacquelin du pr ? ( rachel griffith and emili watson , respect ) , two sister who are first seen in childhood ( play by auriol evan and keeli flander , respect ) as the veri best of friend . 
they are also both musician , hilari a flutist and jacki a cellist , and when it all begin , both are consid child prodigi , but hilari is seen as the better of the two . 
jacki , a bit jealou , work and work at her play skill , and soon the tabl are turn . 
when they both hit adulthood , hilari strive for a comeback , while her sister is play in famou hall around the world , but instead of fame , captur the heart of a hapless , joy conductor , kiffer finzi ( david morissey , in a semi-star-mak turn ) . 
they marri , after a short courtship , and move to a love countri hous , make jacki incred jealou sinc her cello play becom a symbol of her current life : when she play , she ha the eye of the world , but when she stop , she 's alon . 
she enter into a shallow relationship with an equal famou pianist , daniel barenboim ( jame frain ) , in hope that she may overcloud her sister , but she eventu begin to lose it , and run away to hilari 's countri home , where she hope to gain admitt by hilari to sleep with her husband , sinc no one she sleep with give her ani pleasur . 
it 's all terribl melodramt , as you can see , and by the time jacki ha contract ms ( in a brilliantli edit scene that surpass the breakdown scene in the semi-smiliar `` shine `` in technic and emot devast ) , it would have been the time that i could easili call the sign for melodramat overload if it had n't been handl in such a way . 
the key thing here is that it 's not about her gradual death and slip into insan but rather that it 's about her tumultu relationship with her sister , which , i might add , is perfectli realiz . 
their relationship is the most down-to-earth complex entiti of the year : they love eachoth more than anyon els in the entir world , but they 're also complet jealou of one anoth . 
when a young jacki surpass her play abil , she tri in vain to make a comeback but ca n't , and almost seem to marri to get back at jacki for her success . 
when jacki land on top and see her sister marri a wonder man , she is jealou of her lifestyl to the most extens brink that i 've ever seen in a film ( onli two sister who truli love eachoth would dare share the same man ) . 
and the whole time , their love for eachoth is never doubt or even test . 
anoth thing i realli like is emili watson 's perform . 
i usual make it a note to never overprais an actor for play either a drunkard or a lunat or someon with a mortal diseas ( or ani combin of the three ) . 
my reason for thi is that it 's a fuck easi job . 
the worst case for thi veri year may be thandi newton in `` belov `` : sure , she 's good , but what 's so tough about play a woman who stumbl around , slur her word togeth , and act like a three year old insid a 20-year old 's bodi ? 
hell , i could play that if i had a pair of breast . 
in that same exact movi , though , is a perform by kimberli elis where she ha to be the rock that hold the famili togeth as her mother slowli goe insan , her brother run off never to be seen again , and her mother 's lover is scare off . 
she ha to actual deal with real emot , someth much harder than mere stumbl about . 
but the academi of art and scienc love love love overprais perform like newton . 
if you do n't believ me , look at jack nicholson 's perform in `` as good as it get `` : great perform , but easi job . 
thi is n't so for watson , though , becaus her insan come from real emot , not just a plot point . 
and thank to the open sequenc , where we see her and hilari as kid , we understand the motiv behind all her action , and by the time she actual contract ms and begin to loos her saniti and her life , we 've alreadi understood that thi is the last straw for a woman plagu with terribl neuros . 
rachel griffith , who would have otherwis been the understudi to watson 's protagonist , actual match watson step-for-step , becaus as watson grow insan , and demand unspeak thing from her , griffith hold her own , and ha to deal with what she is abl to give her sister who need emot help from her . 
griffith , an otherwis unknown actress ( and watson be famou from `` break the wave `` and `` the boxer `` ) , is absolut brilliant , just as absolut brilliant as watson is , and if the academi and all the other critic group , who 've alreadi deem watson 's perform the best of the year , glanc over her becaus she 's the one who doe n't get to go insan ( read : she get the bore role ) , then the scream of hysteria you hear will be from me . 
after all , griffith ha the thankless job of keep thing real - the tom cruis role in `` rainman `` ( the one who should have gotten oscar consider and not hoffman ) . 
she doe , and if anyon deserv accolad from the academi thi year , it 's griffith . 
togeth , the two actress work extrem well , though , and both have to go through deep emot hell , the like of which have n't been seen thi year . 
if it had n't been for an otherwis not-totally-great final section that deal way too much with jacki and not enough with hilari ( when the two had gotten equal treatment for the entireti ) , i 'd say thi is one of the top ten best film of the year . 
it 's so close to perfect , in it structur , it treatment of it subject , and it beauti technic specif ( cinematographi nomin , without a shred of doubt in my mind , and mayb film edit ) , that it 's nearli a shame that it 's not the flawless gem that it should be . 
but , hey , as it is , i can hardli complain . 
