some critic , includ siskel & ebert , are on the record state that martin scorses 's rage bull , the stori of boxer jake la motta , is the best film of the '80 . 
sinc there are still a number of '80 film that i have n't seen , i do n't feel qualifi to make such a judgment , but i 'll say thi without hesit : rage bull is a great motion pictur , and i would be surpris if more than a hand of film releas between januari 1 , 1980 and decemb 31 , 1989 come close to it level . 
bio-pic often fall into one of two categori : overblown hero- worship or a dri , dull textbook account . 
it 's rare that a movi with the monik `` base on the life of ? `` come across as anyth more than sporad energet and margin entertain . 
rage bull is the perfect counterexampl , and a brilliant argument for film maker to continu to work in thi genr . 
the pictur take the life of boxer jake la motta , a middleweight icon from the '40 and '50 , and develop one of the most compel charact studi ever to reach the big screen . 
for all 129 minut , director martin scorses and actor robert de niro ( in the titl role ) have us mesmer by thi individu who is by turn sympathet , sad , and horrifi . 
histor , rage bull is said to be mostli accur , with the lion 's share of the detail cull from la motta 's own autobiographi ( which wa co-written with joseph carter and peter savag ) . 
howev , although la motta is credit as the movi 's `` consult , `` he wa reportedli unhappi with the final result , becaus it portray him as noth short of an uncouth , insensit lout . 
the la motta of the movi is a man of extrem appetit who is driven by base , bestial impuls ? paranoia , jealousi , and blind rage . 
sex and violenc are inextric link . 
the titl is apt ? la motta is a rage bull . 
in the ring , he is a terror , not just beat hi oppon , but destroy them . 
outsid of it , he is no less viciou or more easili control . 
the two peopl who spar with him on life 's canva are hi wife , vicki ( cathi moriarti ) , and hi brother/manag , joey ( joe pesci ) . 
these are the two who mean the most to jake , and who , as a result of hi inabl to trust himself or other , he lose . 
he beat vicki mercilessli becaus he suspect her of infidel , and , when he inaccur believ that hi brother betray him , hi let loos with an explos of violenc . 
rage bull open in 1941 when la motta , an up-and-com fighter , is battl hi way into the upper echelon of the middleweight class . 
over the year , he win sever key bout , includ one against hi arch-riv , sugar ray robinson ( johnni barn ) , but hi unwilling to capitul with the local godfath keep him from an opportun to particip in a championship match . 
meanwhil , away from the ring , la motta fall in love with 15-year old vicki , who he marri after discard hi shrewish first wife . 
vicki becom jake 's greatest prize ( a wife , in hi view , is not a companion , but a possess ) and the sourc of hi most extrem pain . 
hi own insecur is so great that he can not accept that a woman as beauti as vicki could be faith to him . 
henc , he is constantli haunt by a belief that she is sleep with someon els ? perhap even hi brother . 
( thi lead to the famou line parodi in wait for guffman and elsewher : `` are you f * * king my wife ? ? ? `` ) 
in the late '40 , la motta get hi first shot at a championship fight , but with one huge condit : he must take a fall . 
he doe it so badli that an investig is launch and he is almost thrown out of box . 
two year later , he win the championship , onli to lose it in a subsequ bout to sugar ray . 
by the late '50 and earli '60 , when the film end , jake ha becom a pathet figur ? a broke , overweight loser who ha spent time in jail for corrupt the moral of a minor , ha lost hi wife and children , and is tri to earn a few buck by do a cheap standup routin . 
rage bull is the other side of rocki . 
sylvest stallon 's tale of box triumph wa releas to great critic acclaim in 1976 . 
it won the 1977 best pictur oscar , and a sequel arriv in theater befor rage bull went into product . 
but , where rocki romantic box , rage bull take a cold , unflinch look at the violenc both insid and outsid of the ring . 
while scorses 's primari aim is to present a rivet deconstruct of la motta the man , he never back away from show the seedi , ugli undersid of a sport where gambl , greed , and organ crime forc fighter to throw match to continu work . 
rocki show box at it noblest ; rage bull show it at it most diseas . 
there 's littl i can say here that ha n't alreadi said about de niro 's perform . 
in a career that ha includ mani fine role , thi is hi most outstand . 
the level of intens de niro bring to la motta is unwav . 
and , although there 's a lot of travi bickl ( de niro 's charact in taxi driver ) in la motta , scorses and de niro go to great length to make sure that , if we never fulli sympath with him , at least we understand the forc that drive him . 
thi is a complet character and a perfect exampl of act . 
as the younger jake , de niro is trim and fit . 
as the fat , older man , de niro gain 50 pound and turn hi bodi into a grotesqu parodi of it normal form . 
how mani actor would go that far ? 
the best oscar statu is onli one testimoni to the last power of the perform . 
cathi moriarti and joe pesci both earn nomin for their support work ( although neither won ) . 
their portray have the same raw energi that infus de niro 's . 
pesci , who ha basic re-creat the same person in two other scorses film ( goodfella and casino ) , present joey as a slightli more intellig version of hi brother . 
the misogyni and violenc are still there , onli better conceal . 
but , when joey snap , as he doe in one scene where he pound on a mobster ( frank vincent ) , it 's startl to behold . 
moriarti , on the other hand , must play the temptress with virgin qualiti ? the onli kind of woman who would ensnar jake . 
later , she 's call upon to portray the batter wife and mother whose love ha turn into fear . 
scorses and cinematograph michael chapman elect to shoot the bulk of rage bull in black-and-whit ( a few `` home movi `` segment are in color ) . 
the choic is perfect for the movi , give rage bull a uniqu look in an era when a black-and-whit approach is almost unheard of . 
( one import recent except , schindler 's list , eschew color for some of the same reason that rage bull did . ) 
in black-and-whit ( especi consid scorses 's choic of shot and use of slow motion ) , the violenc is stark and disturb . 
there 's no room for romantic in the ring with inki black blood stain the canva . 
dure fight sequenc , the director also use a number of point-of-view shot design to show the world , howev briefli , from la motta 's perspect . 
scorses could have chosen to end the film with la motta 's loss to sugar ray , where he surrend hi middleweight crown . 
after that , hi career wa all downhil . 
yet the director allow the film to run for thirti minut after thi pivot moment , stretch more than a decad into la motta 's futur . 
the reason is obviou : scorses is n't as interest in box as he is in the charact . 
follow hi retir , la motta is still as violent and volatil as ever , but he ha lost the arena in which he can legal unleash those tendenc . 
we see the result of thi beast let loos on societi and how the consequ of hi action reduc him to a parodi of hi former self . 
who can not feel a surg of piti for la motta as he quietli recit marlon brando 's speech from on the waterfront ? 
( `` i coulda been a contenda . `` ) 
perhap rage bull is inde the best film of the '80 . 
and , if not , it 's certainli peril close to the zenith . 
