there are certain peopl in the world who have some talent that veri few peopl have , but they chose not to take advantag of thi for some person reason . 
`` good will hunt `` is about one of those peopl . 
the will hunt of the ( horribl ) titl ( let 's face it , thi film would be a bitch to titl ) , play by co-writ matt damon , is a mathemat geniu . 
he can do almost ani mathemat connundrum in about the time it take to brew a cup of irish cream cappuccino . 
and he work at mit . . . as the janitor . 
one day , the professor of one of the most challeng cours , proffessor lambeau ( `` break the wave `` 's stellan skarsg ? rd ) , put a big problem on the board for hi student to attempt to complet . 
the next day , it 's alreadi done on the board , but no one in hi class claim to have done it . 
so lambeau put anoth problem on the board , thi time one that took he and hi colleagu over two year to prove . 
and , duh , it 's done again . 
of cours , they catch the guy who did it red hand - will . 
befor lambeau can find will again ( he ran away when he caught him ) , will ha gotten into a fight with a bunch of punk on a basketbal court , and struck a polic offic , so lambeau get him out on probat with two agreement : a ) he work with him on math , and b ) he get some therapi . 
after go through some therapist whom he psych out in one way or anoth ( for a hypnotist , he fake be under hi spell , then launch into an impromptu perform of the 70 classic , `` afternoon delight `` ) . 
final , lambeau 's old colleg roomat , sean mcguir ( robin william ) , a psych professor , agre to treat him , and the two begin a rocki relationship , as sean tri to get will to open up . 
turn out will had a rough childhood , be abandon , and place in foster home and what not . 
it also turn out that will doe not want to do simpl mathemat all hi life ; he want a challeng . 
and that is to hang out with hi bud ( includ the other co-writ , ben affleck ) , and do honor job , like construct . 
is it right to make thi geniu follow in the footstep of einstein and kasinski ? 
should thi guy be forc to do someth he doe n't want to do ? 
thi appear to be one of the million question in thi film , which is jam-pack with great , but doe not have the total brilliant whole it should . 
i 'm not say `` good will hunt `` is a bad film at all . 
it 's a veri enjoy film with ton of great moment , and lot of great thing about it . 
the act is amaz , with two oscar-nomination-worthi perform from damon and william , who have amaz chemistri togeth . 
we also get some great support from stellan skarsg ? rd ( great name ) , ben affleck , and from minni driver , who play will 's love interest , skylar . 
there are ton of individu moment that i ador . 
i love all the comedi in the film , especi a scene where damon prove a schmuck out of a colleg student who is quot a historian to impress some chick , hi variou attempt at therapi , and of cours , my favorit scene in the entir film , the one where he deliv a long , exstens rant to some nsa agent about the downsid of work for them . 
i like the relationship between some of the peopl , like will and skylar , will and sean , sean and lambeau , and will and hi friend . 
there are scene between them which are just amaz to watch . 
and there are even moment in the film which are so honest in their portray , that i felt right uncomfort . 
like the break-up scene between will and skylar , will and sean 's first meet , a bar scene between sean and lambeau , and a scene where sean tell in detail how he doe n't regret meet hi first wife , who would later suffer a slow , pain death , and leav him lone and slightli bitter . 
howev , the main flaw of the film is there 's too much of everyth , and not enough of it either . 
the film tri for deeper relat between the charact , but they 're sometim either overwritten or underwritten . 
take for exampl the relationship between sean and will : the film get an interest father/son as well as doctor/pati relationship go with out ani problem , but when it tri to show them as equal , it fall on it face . 
we hear how they went to the same town , and there are even scene where the film show how hypocrit both of them are at time . 
but thi never take off like the other part of their relationship do . 
also , will 's relationship with hi best friend , chucki ( affleck ) , ha a nice climax , but not enough rise action . 
we see them joke around , but when chucki arriv at a decis between the two of them , it seem more like a superfici reason than a more select one . 
their relationship never goe beyond `` just best friend , `` and hi decis just seem to be a gener of ani two best friend instead of someth more . . . human . 
mayb it wa just me . 
and it also goe for a parallel with the relationship between sean and lambeau , but that , again , is underwritten . 
and , of cours , as in most film like thi , the girl/boy relationship is pretti underwritten . 
we never understand what they see in each other , so when skylar confess that she love him , it seem more like it 's there for plot detail that anyth els . 
minni driver is interest , though , and breath life into her charact . 
the write is a bit at fault here , but what make all thi worthwhil is the littl moment in the film where it acheiv true awesom . 
sure , it feel overstuf , but it 's extrem enjoy . 
the dialogu that affleck and damon have written is amazingli fresh , and seem extrem human . 
i think that they should get a nomin for their script chiefli becaus of the dialogu , which is amaz . 
while thi is probabl director gu van sant 's most conserv film ( you 'd hardli know it 's the same director of `` to die for , `` the onli van sant film i 've seen , realli ) , it 's still a pretti remark film , albeit a tad overr ( what 's thi `` best pictur `` deal ? ) . 
and if a film put a smile on my face despit posess a lot of flaw , i have no problem with reccomend it to anyon . 
