i guess it 's a credit to jacki chan and the gener likeabl of the franchis that rush hour 2 could not be ruin even by the nauseat `` comedi `` of chri tucker . 
i 'm a fan of jacki chan in just about ani medium , and thi movi let him not onli do hi impressive-as-ev martial art schtick , but show off hi comic time as well . 
it would have work better if he wa the onli name abov the titl . 
the plot is your basic martial art flick clotheslin for stunt and special effect . 
thi time around , the evil smuggler are led by ricki tan ( john lone ) , who make hi fortun by ship counterfeit money into the unit state ( i 'm still not sure how you can make a fortun do that : is there a place where one can exchang fake bill for real one ? ) . 
the onli way to tell the phoni money from the genuin articl is to set it on fire and see what color it burn . 
of cours , it 's up to hong kong detect lee ( chan ) and trash-talk lapd detect jame carter ( tucker ) to take the bad guy out and the author , to the extent that they even exist , stay out of their way . 
rush hour 2 turn the tabl on the first film in that here it 's carter who get the two of them into troubl and lee who wind up have to get them out . 
i guarante that my rate would have been at least a half of a grade higher had anyon other than chri tucker been cast as the foil for jacki chan . 
he refus to shut up . 
not onli did hi voic feel like a jackhamm on my head , but hi joke just are n't funni , a pathet mixtur of sub-par eddi murphi fasttalk blather and wannab chri rock white-man-black-man joke that wind up be more offens than funni . 
i realiz that in a movi like thi some of the biggest laugh come from let the actor ad lib beyond what the script dictat , but did n't anyon realiz how irrit tucker 's incess rant and rave wa ? 
if thi is all the comedian ha to offer then i do n't care to see ani more of hi film . 
fortun , chan make for a marvel straight man , and he redeem the fledgl comedi complet . 
it 's not often that one actor can so complet save a movi , but there is no other name for what he doe ; whenev he 's on screen , rush hour 2 come to nearli breathtak , often hilari , life . 
much of it hing on the dubiou valu of how cute it is to watch chan tri to be a `` player , `` but who care ? 
i can think of few high concept that are funnier . 
the movi end with outtak that , as usual , show that chan is n't perfect , and that it doe , inde , take him a few tri to get some of hi incred stunt to look seamless . 
chri tucker botch some line as well , and hi mistak are funnier than anyth he say in the whole movi . 
a lot of peopl have point out rush hour 2 is n't veri differ from it predecessor in tone or style . 
but i like the origin , and i like the sequel , though a certain sidekick seem to have done hi best to ruin it . 
director brett ratner ( the famili man ) keep it move at an entertain pace and manag to keep the laugh come despit the fairli miser hit to miss ratio of the joke ( i guess sometim the shotgun approach work ) . 
it 's not great jacki chan , but it 's jacki chan , and that 's enough . 
up next : jay and silent bob strike back 
