first , i am not a big fan of the x-file tv seri . 
i have noth against it particularli , i just do n't happen to watch it . 
have said that , i can now say that i like the x-file pretti well . 
for us non-fan , there 's noth big go for it , but there are a lot of littl thing . 
the movi open on an ice cave in north texa in 35 , 000 b . c . 
two proto-human enter the cave and find a space alien cocoon insid . 
the alien break free and kill one man in a struggl while the other is seemingli captur by the bloodi ooz from the alien . 
the movi jump to the same cave today where a boy ( luca black , from sling blade ) is captur by the same black ooz . 
we then cut to fbi agent sculli and mulder ( gillian anderson and david duchovni ) , who have been pull off of their previou assign ( investig into the paranorm ) and put onto the bomb squad detail . 
a caller ha threaten a feder build in dalla , texa . 
on a hunch , mulder check out the build across the street , and , would n't you know it , he turn out to be right . 
the fbi find the bomb in time to evacu but not in time to defus . 
five peopl die in the blast , and when mulder learn who the victim were , a light bulb goe on over hi head . 
the two agent team up to investig , against fbi order , the link mulder ha made . 
their search lead them back to the north texa cave , all across the countri , and even to antarctica as they get closer and closer to `` the truth . `` 
the plot , and `` the truth , `` are uninspir . 
i got the feel that what i learn wa suppos to shock and amaz me . 
it did n't . 
the possibl exist of alien on earth ha been explor so mani time befor in movi that one could hardli count them . 
but the point of the x-file is not what the truth is , but the extent to which it ha been hidden . 
it 's a slightli more interest angl , but it still rais expect about that `` truth `` too high . 
if thi were the whole film , i would say the movi wa mediocr , perhap even bore . 
but there are other qualiti that make me like thi movi well enough to recommend it . 
the pace of the film wa brisk enough to hold my interest . 
befor the audienc can get tire of one locat , the agent follow a hot tip to anoth locat , and so on and so forth . 
the locat are not all computer-gener set , either . 
there are some artifici set , but the desert night of nevada , the edg of suburbia in texa , and the endless field of snow in antarctica ( actual somewher in north america . ) 
make thi fantast film feel more real . 
ward russel 's cinematographi is veri good . 
the overal look is dark and omin , appropri to the intend tone of the film 's plot . 
russel is abl to make someth as innocu as a cornfield look forebod . 
when the movi is set in dark , the pictur qualiti is still rich and detail . 
final , and specif , there is an incred shot at night in which the camera cross the track in front of a fast oncom train . 
i do n't know if the shot is fake in ani way , but it look danger , and it look great . 
the movi 's soundtrack is also use to convey the dark tone of the film . ( skip 
to the next paragraph if you have yet to see the movi - there is a spoiler in the follow sentenc . ) dure the open prehistor sequenc , a howl wind dog the soundtrack , never give the charact or the audienc an escap from the lone terribl sound . 
in one of the movi 's most effect sequenc , metal door suddenli slam open to releas a cloud of buzz bee . 
the visual of the scene are good , but what make it so surpris and frighten is the sound . 
there wa no question as to who the movi 's star would be . 
even so , duchovni and anderson are an interest pair of actor and a good combin . 
both are easi on the eye and togeth , they have some good time , banter , and energi . 
there is a hint of chemistri between them , but it never get in the way of their profession relationship . 
they are like a coupl of kid out explor the empti lot at the end of the street . 
there might be some romant interest , but for now they 're more interest in their environ than they are in each other . 
no singl element realli make thi movi outstand - not even the sens of paranoia that make the tv show so popular . 
but enough thing were done right that the x-file is one of the more interest summer adventur to come along . 
