even if i did not know that director and co-writ jame wong and jeffrey reddick of the creepi final destin help creat the hit televis show the x-file , i would have inevit made a connect . 
the similar are veri appar from the inexplic phenomenon- like plot , to the mysteri charact , to the overal dark , omin set . 
it would have been perfectli fit to see fbi agent mulder and sculli investig thi case , they wit stuff like thi on a weekli basi ( in fact mulder and sculli would have been a much more welcom chang to the bland one dimension fbi agent seen in thi movi ) . 
anoth more import similar , is that both succeed in entertain and thrill at the same time . 
thi is a great accomplish for a teen horror movi , especi when compar to some of the trash , of the same genr , releas in the last coupl of year ( urban legend and i still know what you did last summer are classic exampl from the bunch ) . 
what help final destin is it uniqu premis . 
unlik your averag horror flick in which some invinc psycho with a knife chase blond cheerlead , the villain present is unusu , it 's the grim reaper . 
thi be alreadi ha predestin when and how you will die . 
accord to the brief histori lesson given in thi film , everyon wa meant to die at a certain time , some peopl at 100 , other at 17 , whatev death choos . 
what is uniqu about death is that it 's alreadi dead , so you ca n't realli kill it . 
the onli way to defeat death is to cheat it ; the question is how do you do that ? 
thi dilemma is what face alex and a group of teenag . 
alex ha been have some dream that the airplan which will take hi class on a trip to pari will crash , leav no survivor . 
alex begin to realiz that hi dream are a littl too real and eventu get himself and six other kick off the plane right befor it take off . 
shortli after , the plane doe inde crash leav some of the seven survivor confus and other feel immort . 
howev , death is n't through with them yet . 
it gradual kill off the seven one by one , leav those current still aliv frantic tri to trick death again . 
the plot allow for some of the most creativ , origin death scene i have seen in a while . 
some scene build up the perfect amount of tension until an elabor climax , other are so unexpect they will leav your jaw wide open in shock . 
creativ and origin are two adject lack in most horror film nowaday but final destin is not like most horror film . 
sure , it ha your tradit share of jerk and outsid ( ali larter 's charact is particularli annoy ) , but the shock , from the begin to the end , are extrem entertain . 
also director wong ha the sens not to take the movi too serious . 
he know it just anoth entertain guilti pleasur that wo n't win ani academi award ( not even a golden globe ) . 
the myriad of insid joke and gag ( the charact are name after famou horror director , one charact who play a jerk is name carter , like x-file creator chri carter , and a song by john denver , who die in a plane crash , play whenev death is near ) show thi movi is a bunch of guy have a good time make a movi . 
and from thi , i had a great time watch the movi . 
