`` take a number , fill out a form , and wait your turn . `` 
star kati outinen , kari v ? ? n ? nen , sakari kuosmanen , elina salo ; written & direct by aki kaurism ? ki ; cinematographi by timo salminen 
it might be possibl to call drift cloud a satir or a black comedi , but that would impli a sens of anger , of vitriol , of energi ; drift cloud is what you get when the rage and vital are gone . 
it is the sad , slow stori of lauri and ilona , a marri coupl caught between the wheel of capit as it grind inexor onward . 
he lose hi job as a tram driver , becaus everyon drive car nowaday . 
within a coupl of month , she lose her posit as a head waiter , when her restaur is bought out by a chain and the entir staff replac . 
a convers earli in the film reveal a lot about their situat . 
lauri ha surpris ilona by buy her a tv , which she greet with littl enthusiasm . 
she note that they have n't finish pay for the bookshelv or the couch yet . 
he say that in four year the payment will be done and then they can buy some book for the shelv . 
it would pass as deadpan humour if it wa n't spoken with such resign weari . 
thi set the tone for the rest of the movi . 
there is humour and idiosyncraci at the peripheri , but at the centr there is frustrat and futil , and sorrow for the way in which the logic of profit reduc peopl , until their worth is equat sole with their earn capac . 
there is an element of polit commentari in thi critiqu of the mechan of capit and the stultifi social environ it creat , but in drift cloud the polit is subsum by the person : the movi is about two peopl and what happen to them , and noth els matter . 
lauri and ilona live live starv for friendship , respect , cultur , passion . 
they go to the movi , and walk out past old poster for l'atalant and l'argent , but the movi they have just seen is a pointless , violent , unfunni comedi . 
their hous and workplac are uniformli unpleas , paint and upholst in lifeless colour ( ugli green , dull red , insipid blue ) , full of inelegantli function object and applianc . 
the art design is impecc in it tawdri , and director aki kaurism ? ki often match the colour of charact ' cloth with the background colour and/or light , so that it seem as if they are almost physic fade into the environ . 
there is no suggest of sexual in the relationship ; ilona and lauri sleep in separ bed and their gestur of affect lack the heat of desir ; their live are now bound by someth more complex and desper than love . 
their downward , downsiz , downtrodden live have a momentum that is almost comic , as one setback succe anoth , bottom out when lauri stake all their remain money on the spin of a roulett wheel . 
it must have been tempt to play the stori for more laugh , more farc , more deadpan wit , but the film 's great strength is the sober , empath manner in which it observ lauri and ilona 's misfortun . 
ironi would be an injustic . 
situat and set are broad and exagger -- thi is not realism -- but they are not distort . 
the emot are authent . 
if it is difficult to laugh at anyth that happen , despit the droll perform , the lacon humour , that 's becaus kaurism ? ki bring such compass and understand to the manifold indign that are suffer . 
he show us how humili it must be for a woman of thirty-eight , who ha work long and hard to win a respect posit , to be forc to accept a job as a dishwash in a two-bit restaur ; how humili it must be for a man near 50 to confront hi wife 's former employ , demand the rest of her wage , onli to have the crap beaten out of him , unabl to land a singl punch , when the employ and hi croni refus to give him the money . 
all thi is observ keenli , with great economi : everi cut , everi line of dialogu , is judici . 
if most film are novelist in their tell , thi one bring the focu and concentr of a short stori to bear . 
but what is gain in nuanc and acumen is rather undermin by the sens that the materi bare accommod the 96-minut run length . 
i have seen mani movi far less profound , less human , less necessari than drift cloud , but they fill me with an urg to watch them again , and thi one did not . 
it doe not need to be seen twice : it everi detail and implic can be absorb in one view . 
it is not a movi that will be seen by a larg audienc , becaus it can not be pitch to one . 
there is no sell point . 
it is all understat , restraint , melancholi . 
the charact are unremark , their best year behind them , their dream dissip ; it take all the effort they can muster just to pay the bill . 
thi doe not make them less fascin , mere less market , which is a shame , becaus thi is a movi which should be seen , precis becaus it pay attent to peopl and emot that most movi prefer to ignor . 
it engag us and touch us and resolv -- surprisingli , and movingli -- into someth resembl a happi end . 
the onli thing greater than the ill-luck that govern the charact ' live is their refus to give in to despair . 
their persist is reward with what might be call a `` feel-good `` end elsewher , but not here , becaus thi end differ in kind from most such end : thi one ha truli been earn . 
