jame jone , one of the major novelist from the middl of the twentieth centuri , ha written a number of fiction work about the effect of war on the individu . 
a veteran of world war ii , and a wit to the pearl harbor bomb , hi novel are not onli ground in realism but poetic in natur . 
they are reminisc of stephen crane in their blunt eloqu , a trait which lend itself to razor-sharp focu . 
but perhap none match the scope of hi autobiograph novel , the thin red line ; now a cinemat masterpiec from director terrenc malick . 
the book 's princip cast , some thirti charact , ha been trim down for thi rendit , but it still retain it most endear valu . 
each of the role ha an everyman qualiti , emphas jone ' examin of world war ii on the american soldier . 
there 's a definit chain of command present , and thi also play on the motiv of the cast . 
but most importantli , and perhap intrins to the novel but not to the movi , a dynam and effect voice-ov is use . 
malick ha sever charact relat their thought , give the viewer a greater perspect of the issu at stake . 
the issu at stake are mani and one . 
told from a limit third-person perspect ( as oppos to a top-down , omnisci view ) , the movi entail the struggl of an american infantri compani ( `` c-for-charli `` ) to take a hill dure the conflict at guadalcan . 
the south pacif island is seen by the top brass as the key posit for american arm forc to hold if they want to win the war . 
and want to win the war they do . 
in an excel perform , nick nolt play c-for-charli 's command offic , lt . col . gordon tall . 
he 's an age soldier who embodi the win-at-all-cost mental , if onli to impress hi superior ( john travolta , in a question cameo ) . 
thi philosophi is opposit that of captain bugger staro ( elia kotea ) , who dearli valu the life of each and everi one of the men under hi command . 
at the front are the privat and corpor ( adrien brodi , jame caviezel , ben chaplin , et al ) , lead by 1st sgt . 
welsh ( sean penn ) , who must actual execut the suicid order hand down to them . 
the thin red line is fill with intens , visual poetri , but it 's nearli three hour long . 
although the interest level is high throughout the first two hour , the climax come forty-f minut befor the end of the movi ; it goe without say that the movi drag on the back end . 
the thin red line will doubtless be compar to 1998 's other masterpiec of war , save privat ryan a countless number of time . 
but to do so is to belittl both film , for although similar abound , so do differ . 
director malick ha a stori to tell , and for those interest in listen , thi can be a veri outstand movi . 
