capsul : thi is a 1950 or 1960 style heist film , set in the present . 
robert deniro star as a risk-advers safecrack who want to retir form crime but take one last job at the request of a person friend ( play by marlon brando ) . 
edward norton play a hotshot young sharpster who is also in on the crime . 
the plot is mostli straightforward suspens with littl nonsens . 
, +2 ( -4 to +4 ) 
i am sure i must have seen almost the ident plot befor . 
thi is a heist film made for an adult audienc who probabl want a crime film like they had seen in theater when they were teen . 
there are no superhuman acrobat take nosed off of build like in entrap . 
there is no rock score . 
there are no ballet- like martial art . 
thi is just a basic heist film with a decent and distinctli credibl and un-flashi script . 
nick ( play by robert deniro ) is a safecrack who ha manag to be success by never take risk . 
if a job is not a safe bet ( pun intend ) , he back out . 
sometim even the safe bet turn out not to be so safe . 
when one job veri nearli goe wrong nick is unnerv enough to decid that it is natur tell him that it is time to get out of the game . 
he return to hi home in montreal where he own a jazz club , and decid to manag it full time . 
he propos to hi girl friend dian ( angela bassett ) . 
she ha one condit . 
he must stay retir from crime . 
but befor the deal can be cement , max , a montreal kingpin and person friend , ha one last supposedli easi job for nick . 
nick want no part particularli becaus the heist will be right in hi hometown of montreal . 
more and more detail seem to complic the job . 
nick 's partner in the crime is to be a smart , but uncontrol young crook , jack ( edward norton ) . 
jack treat a lock front door like a welcom mat , even at hi associ ' home . 
the young crook is a know-it-al who seem good at everyth he doe but at avoid rub peopl the wrong way . 
togeth they plan to steal a priceless histor artifact from the montreal custom hous . 
the script by kario salem , lem dobb , and scott marshal smith work like an episod of the old `` mission imposs `` televis seri . 
we see piec of the heist be put togeth , last minut chang , and thing that go wrong , much like a good episod of `` mission imposs . `` 
thi team might not be bad choic to write script for the tom cruis `` mission imposs `` film . 
the complic are , howev no more and no fewer than are need to make the stori believ . 
the tell is cold and noirish , which is just what it is suppos to be . 
director frank oz , the voic of yoda and miss piggi prove surprisingli good at direct a seriou crime film . 
the score ha a more than adequ cast with littl flashi or scene-st act . 
edward norton probabl ha the flashiest role and even that is low-key by today 's standard . 
he play what is nearli a doubl role . 
jack pretend to be a brain damag victim to be hire for a job in the custom hous . 
one nice ( ? ) 
charact i have not mention is stephen ( jami harrold ) . 
stephen is a master hacker who live in hi mother 's basement in a hous with a lot of scream in both direct . 
he seem like the last person the risk advers nick would want to depend upon . 
the film itself remain low-key up until the time of the climact heist . 
then the pace realli pick up . 
befor that the plot even stop twice for jazz interlud . 
though oz never let the music steal time from the stori the way woodi allen doe in sweet and lowdown . 
on the subject of music , the score of the score is by howard shore . 
it add tension to the suspens scene , but never seem to have much of a melodi . 
angela bassett is the one misus celebr in a total minor role that should have been play by a less famou actress who need a break . 
she ha noth to do in the film but demand that nick give up crime and to look like an attract reward if he doe . 
speak of be attract the score seem to be attract an older audienc who learn to appreci much the same sort of film in the 1950 and 1960 . 
it doe the job . 
i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a +2 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
