no matter what you suspect , thi is n't your usual action thriller . 
the usual suspect is an intellig crime mysteri stori from up-and-com director bryan singer . 
it 's one of those movi that , after everyth is reveal rapid-fir at the end , you immedi want to rewind and watch again becaus earlier scene take on a new light . 
plot twist a-go-go are what you get here -- i gave up tri to figur out the mysteri of keyser soze after awhil and just sat back and wait for them to reveal it to me . 
keyser soze is a name you 'll hear at least a hundr time if you watch the usual suspect and for good reason . 
it 's not onli the name of the mysteri ( and possibl even mythic ) crime boss in the movi , it also sum up the movi -- `` keyser soze `` in latin mean `` an intellig crime mysteri stori from up-and-com director bryan singer . `` 
or mayb i should n't have bought a foreign-languag dictionari from the same compani that make those 99-cent encyclopedia sold in supermarket . 
at the movi 's open , a group of known crimin are brought in for a polic lineup , includ mcmanu ( stephen baldwin ) , keaton ( gabriel byrn ) , fenster ( benicio del toro ) , buckney ( kevin pollack ) and verbal ( kevin spacey , winner of the best support actor academi award { symbol 153 \ f `` time new roman `` \ s 10 \ h } for hi perform in the movi ) . 
verbal is so-nam becaus he frequent rambl on about anyth or noth . 
he also earn hi name as the movi 's narrat , spout memor line like `` the greatest trick the devil ever pull wa convinc the world he did n't exist `` ( although , obvious , he doe exist -- what els could explain kri kross have a comeback in 1996 ? ) while be interrog by polic detect chazz palminteri ( ani actor with multipl z 's in their name is okay in my book ) . 
we see the stori unfold as spacey retel it . 
the five felon , upon be releas from the lineup , get their reveng on the polic by expos a corrupt taxi servic -- wherebi elit crimin pay to be smuggl through town in cop car -- and steal all the money and drug in the car . 
it 's a definit case of male bond for the five crimin , who later find out they were brought togeth by the unseen keyser soze , who send a minion to them with an offer they ca n't refus . 
name , they have to destroy soze 's main competitor in organ crime by infiltr a ship , shoot a bunch of peopl , burn all the drug and steal $ 91 million cash . 
spacey doe a terrif job of bring hi seemingli unintellig `` crippl `` charact to life and baldwin , byrn , palminteri and the rest make for a good support cast . 
the usual suspect is one of those movi that deftli mix scene of violenc and explos with an underli sens of mysteri and suspens , keep the viewer guess until the veri end -- and then still leav a few detail open for scrutini and discuss . 
i suppos all that would be clear up if i realli had rewound the movi and watch it again instead of chang the channel and wonder in disbelief what the hell kri kross wa do on mtv . 
a differ mysteri , i guess , which may turn into a _murder_ mysteri if that video ever come on again . . . 
