everi year -- everi year at the festiv , i wait for that film to come along , that one that just pull me out of my seat , stick it face up next to my nose , and roar `` sur-pris ! `` 
into my bewild visag . 
it 's almost alway a surpris . 
it sure as niflheim wa thi time . 
amaz grace and chuck is be advertis as a modern fairi tale , of a boy in montana who quit hi littl leagu team for a veri unusu reason . 
and , in the hand of anyon less care than the creativ staff of thi film , it might veri well be noth more than a fairi tale , where we roll our eye occasion , smirk to ourselv , and mayb get a forc tear out of the eye and a `` boy , i wish that could happen `` sigh out of the lip upon exit the theater and toss the empti pepsi cup into the trash . 
anoth e . t . 
anoth short circuit . 
thi film floor me , for the simpl reason that while it ha a fairi tale concept , the rest of the film take itself serious enough , and present itself well enough , to make it more of an american folk tale , with charact who are both icon and real peopl at the same time . 
america ha alway had it mythic hero , it paul bunyan and john wayn ; thi film present us with more gener , but still univers , ideal : the honest , innoc children who have their own inner wisdom ; the athlet who seem to be amalgam of courag , honor , and love for their respect sport ; the vener elect offici who lead with kind and understand , but ha the grit to get thing done when they need doin ' ( doe the latter sound familiar ? ) . 
amaz grace and chuck is a showcas for these charact , but it never leav you with the feel that it 's artifici , that it stand behind glass , or that ani sharp breez -- or , more importantli , sharp thought -- will shatter the wax facad of the panorama . 
thi is a veri sturdi scenario . 
the princip are alway given dialogu , and alway give perform -- alway ( it just blow me away ) -- which made them seem real , yet enforc their particular mythic role . 
the writer/produc , david field , seem to liter take all the `` yeah , but in real life , thi would have happen `` thought you get in your head , stick them in the movi and use them to bend the plot around to hi origin head , in a stronger way then befor ! 
astound ! 
he use obstacl to the plot to * enforc * it ! 
i am truli impress ( inde , enviou ) with the skill in which he wrote the stori and screenplay ; it 's so veri unusu , especi in a hollywood film . 
i do n't want to give too much away , but the basic premis is that chuck ( joshua zuehlk ) , the littl leagu pitcher , decid to give up basebal becaus of nuclear weapon . 
hi decis begin an unlik seri of event that involv anoth athlet , a boston basketbal player ( alex english ) , `` amaz `` grace smith , and , well , i 'm leav it at that becaus i would n't spoil thi film for you for the world . 
let me just say thi , though : i am not recommend thi film becaus i think it ha a great messag or becaus of ani polit posit it might impli . 
i do n't give a rat 's ass for the polit point-of-view thi film express , one way or anoth ; i 'm recommend you go see thi film becaus , and onli becaus , it 's an excel stori , told with excel . 
no , i do n't believ what happen in thi film could happen in real life ; while i tend to believ the arm control polici of thi countri is stilt , i believ in care negoti , mutual verif , etc . screw what i think . 
the point is , thi film is abl to suspend my disbelief and tell a stori that is one of the most fine craft piec of american dream i have ever seen on the movi screen . 
thi is the natur and more -- all the mythic qualiti without the pretenti or the forc feel of the conclus , and a much better script to boot . 
it carri me into the belief and ideal of my boyhood -- and , more importantli , without ani bump or jolt that would snap me out of the tranc with some hint of self-consci . 
special kudo to : both zuehlk ( a real-lif littl leagu pitcher who wa pick for the part ) and english ( a forward for the denver nugget ) for their seamless personif of their charact ; jami lee curti , who take a surprisingli small role and make it exceedingli memor as amaz 's manag and friend ; william l . peterson ( in a * big * chang from hi role in to live and die in l . a . ) as a father who show principl without have to stand up and wave a flag do it ; and gregori peck , as the guy we wish ronald reagan realli wa ( and who some numbskul still probabl think he is 
