harmless , silli and fun comedi about dim-wit wrestl fan gordi and sean ( david arquett and scott caan ) who idol current world championship wrestl heavyweight champion jimmi king ( oliv platt ) . 
when king is screw out of hi titl by a corrupt promot ( joe pantoliano ) , gordi and sean take it upon themselv to find their fallen hero and restor hi glori . 
my biggest fear about readi to rumbl wa dispatch earli on , as the filmmak are quick to show that wrest is inde choreograph ( but not fake , mind you ) . 
the hook of the movi is that gordi and sean are just too stupid to realiz that . 
arquett and caan are suitabl over the top with their perform , which is exactli what a movi like thi requir , and oliv platt ( one of my favorit actor ) is a riot as the drunken washed-up ex-champion . 
mani have scof at the idea that platt should be play a heavyweight champion wrestler with an unbeaten record , but for me it just ad to the `` silli factor `` of the film , therebi increas my enjoy of it . 
one cast complaint howev : rose mcgowan as a sexi dancer ? 
pleas . . . 
if rose mcgowan is sexi then i 'm marilyn manson . 
given the current state of the actual wcw , if oliv platt were appear as jimmi king right now on wcw program , he 'd be the most popular guy they have . 
on a similar note , the `` plot line `` of the wrest portion of the film are more entertain than anyth the wcw writer have been abl to come up with in the last two year . 
although one doe have to ask . . . 
whi would ani wrestl promot fire the head wrestler of a compani who is both unbeaten and extrem popular with the fan ? 
director brian robbin ( you 'll rememb him as eric from tv 's `` head of the class `` ) just know how to make good dumb movi . 
thi movi fit in nice with hi previou effort good burger and varsiti blue . 
and screenwrit steven brill ( the epic mighti duck trilog , late last night ) manag to keep thing both sophomor and clever at the same time , with almost all the joke of the film get a laugh out of me . 
the onli except to that were : 1 ) a scene involv a van full of sing nun and 2 ) ani scene involv the old woman wrestl fan . 
those moment made me cring and/or groan . 
as an ad bonu though , the audienc is treat to outtak from the film as the final credit roll . 
[ pg-13 ] 
