plot : a peculiar french girl grow up lone with her father and doe n't quit know what she want out of life . 
one day , she fall upon someth , and believ that her ticket to happi may be in help other . 
she start with the peopl around her , but when she suddenli fall for her own guy , she ca n't act strongli enough becaus of her shi and dreami natur . 
critiqu : a clever , quirki , origin french flick set in a picturesqu pari , featur an endear lead with a giant imagin , much loneli and a littl bit of love for everyon . 
thi is a `` feel-good `` kind of movi , a fairi tale for grown-up who are bum out about life . 
it doe n't pretend to be deep , it doe n't weigh itself down with long exposit or intric studi of it charact , it 's basic just a `` cute movi `` in the same vein as chocolat and pay it forward , with some amaz visual and incred nice intent ( and if chocolat wa somehow abl to nab an oscar nomin for best pictur last year ( a sham on so mani differ level ) , you might as well slap thi film up for consider also , sinc it 's quit a bit better and much more origin than the former ) . 
one thing that thi film is n't though , at least accord to me , is the best film of the year ( it wa bestow the honor of `` best `` in at least 3 differ film festiv so far thi year ) . 
it actual manag to stagnat a littl bit about halfway through and it just went on for way too long ( it 's a littl over two hour but it felt even longer ) , with much of the second half of the movi devot to mani differ charact , all of whom were n't as interest as the lead , and a lot of indecis from ms . ameli herself , which got frustrat . 
thank , thi film doe n't bog itself down with too much of that stuff , and actual goe out of it way to invent new way to shoot scene , to integr moment of fantasi into it fabric and to transport the audienc insid the imagin of thi kind-heart french girl . 
on the whole , it 's a lot of fun and it carri a beauti messag of love and support for your fellow man . 
the lead , audrey tautou , is perfect for the role , and give you enough moment of truth to develop her charact into someon that you care about by the end of the film . 
unfortun , the rest of the cast is n't as well-develop , and even though most of them are pretti appeal , a coupl could 've been left out to save time and at least one wa left strand plot-wis , by the film 's end ( what happen to the guy in the caf ? who wa spi on hi ex-girlfriend the whole movi ? ) . 
now i have n't seen too mani recent french film , i will admit , but if thi is the kind of `` scene `` that they 're develop over in `` le pay du vin `` , i would n't mind catch more of their flick in the futur ( crimson river wa anoth french film that i saw earlier thi year , which i realli liked- iron , that film wa direct by mathieu kassovitz , who is the co-star in thi film ) . 
grant , the english subtitl got a littl tough to keep up with at time ( i speak and understand french also , but some of the local colloqui went over my head ) , especi sinc the film 's visual were so intrigu that you just could n't help but constantli gawk at them , but the gener idea , the background music , the nifti french neighborhood , the veri creativ way of envelop the audienc into the story-lin from the start , were all veri easi to appreci , and i for one wa especi glad to have seen thi movi dure these tri time in the world . 
in fact , i 'd recommend it to anyon look for a jolli ol ' time at the movi hous , with a particular emphasi on folk with a lot of imagin , a littl loneli in their live and mani dream in their heart . 
and thi guy direct alien : resurrect ? 
get outta here ! ! 
note : i especi love the way that the script detail and show the loves/h of everyon with exact mention in the film . 
it wa veri origin , veri well shot and veri nostalg , as mani of us were abl to relat to the behavior describ . 
good stuff ! 
where 's joblo come from ? 
chocolat ( 6/10 ) - crimson river ( 8/10 ) - ghost world ( 9/10 ) - like water for chocol ( 8/10 ) - o brother , where art thou ( 7/10 ) - pay it forward ( 5/10 ) - rushmor ( 9/10 ) - woman on top ( 7/10 ) 
