eye wide shut is n't the masterpiec mani were hope to see in stanley kubrick 's final film , but it is an impress achiev ; a mesmer , haunt , adult psychodrama about marriag , fidel and sex . 
it 's a stanley kubrick film from begin to end , consist exhibit the auteur 's trademark penchant for long , continu take , hi unparallel deft behind the camera and hi uncanni abil to extract gorgeou perform from hi exhaust cast ( inde , eye wide shut attain infami even befor it releas for it notori labori shoot : kubrick , a renown perfectionist , reportedli held hi cast `` hostag `` on the set for nearli a year ) . 
in an uncharacterist maneuv , kubrick cast two big-nam star in the lead role , name real-lif husband and wife tom cruis and nicol kidman . 
they play bill and alic harford , a volatil coupl who , dure the cours of a coupl night , ponder the valid of the idea that a husband and a wife must be faith to each other . 
he is an m . d . , she 's unemploy and we are introduc to them as they are get readi to go to a fanci parti . 
at the affair , they are both proposit and both nearli succumb to the temptat to play around with someon els . 
when they return to their lavish new york apart kidman ( after smoke a dash of weed ) inquir whether her husband had sex with two model who approach him dure the night . 
he ( truth ) say that he did not and ask what happen with that hungarian guy she wa danc with . 
they proceed to argu until alic tell her spous a lust stori : evid some time ago , she had a thing for a young naval offic . 
she admit that she wa readi to give up her whole futur with bill and their young daughter if thi guy want her even for one night . 
bill is jolt by alic 's stori and we anticip hi reaction , but at that moment he get a phone call and ha to go `` show hi face `` at the hous of a just-deceas patient . 
thi turn out to be the begin of a long and event night on the town . 
the daughter of the dead patient hit on him but he wise turn her down . 
he almost doe the dirti deed with a kindli hooker who approach him on the street . 
then , through a seri of coincid , he wind up at a gothic mansion where a ritualist ( and frankli , creepi ) orgi take place , with costum peopl perform variou public sex act on each other . 
erot dread mount as cruis ( who 's not suppos to be there ) wonder the spaciou hall watch the `` action `` until he is discov to be an outsid . 
much hoopla ha been rais over the fact that warner bro . digit edit the orgi scene . 
with the help of a comput , they put in cloak figur to block some of the actual sex act ( they can still be seen , just not in all their glori ) in order to avoid the dread nc-17 rate . 
european viewer will see the film as kubrick envis it . 
roger ebert call the american version the `` austin power version , `` and mani other have bash the alter . 
i am of the potenti controversi opinion that the figur onli supplement the scene 's mystic atmospher . 
the first thing one notic about eye wide shut is how it look . 
thi is an art , distinct gorgeou product , shot in dark , moodi hue and featur some elabor , beauti sceneri . 
from the giant mansion use in the film 's centerpiec to the decor at the christma parti to the harford 's apart , thi film is alway a pleasur to look at . 
to boot , a great soundtrack make it more atmospher still . 
at the core , behind the graphic , controversi content and unapp mood , thi is a good-natur movi that emphas the import of fidel . 
it look at sex as almost perfunctori by portray it as unnerv rather than erot . 
it 's someth superfici and yet someth necessari to achiev a deeper relationship . 
at the end , it seem , bill 's eye are wide open to the special kind of love he and hi wife have for each other , more meaning than anyth he could ever hope to find on the street of new york . 
kubrick elicit wonder perform from both cruis and kidman . 
tom is complet convinc as dr . harford , a man who seem guid sole by destini , with no control of the cours hi life will take . 
nicol project a quiet intens as the jitteri yet aggress wife and her perform is stunningli effect : she 's head for an oscar nod . 
the movi ha some help from a similarli strong support cast , at the head of which is director-cum-thespian sidney pollock , enigmat and articul as harford 's mysteri friend . 
eye wide shut is not perfect : the last hour could have use a slightli more scissor-happi editor and both cruis and kidman are too good- look for me to believ that either would have a veri strong temptat to philand . 
still , thi is an import work from a great director , and while it may not be on par with some of stanley kubrick 's best it is a worthi final film , a complex explor of jealousi and faith . 
? 1999 eugen novikov & # 137 ; 
