`` say , ani of you know how to madison ? `` 
-- - brad `` asshol `` major ( barri bostwick ) show just how unhip he is after watch the kooki transylvanian wrap up their ode to the time warp in the cult classic the rocki horror pictur show . 
the stori behind the rocki horror pictur show is one of legend . 
in the earli 70 's , stage actor turn first-tim playwright richard o'brien decid he want to make a music homag to the crazi b-movi he had grown up with as a child , set to a bunch of catchi rock tune of hi own design . 
the result wa the stage play the rocki horror show , which open to fairli decent review in london in 1973 and wa even hail the best music of 1973 by promin drama critic in england . 
the play wa so success that the film right were immedi snap up and product on the film began a mere year later , in octob of 1974 . 
the film version ( now titl the rocki horror pictur show ) wa releas in 1975 . . . 
and immedi tank at the box offic . 
whether it wa becaus fox wa n't quit sure how to market it to audienc or that audienc did n't quit know what to make of it themselv ha never realli been determin , but the one common bit of knowledg about the film wa that it wa a huge flop . 
it seem that the infecti spirit brought about by the stage version had not been infus into the film version and fox quickli had it pull from theater . 
a year later , someth entir strang and magic happen . 
print of the film start to be distribut to theater in small amount and were circul at midnight show across the countri , and it wa then that a whole new audienc found the film . 
thi new audienc wa prone to dress up like the charact from the film , act out segment in front of the screen as the movi play , yell rude comment at the screen , and just gener have a good time . 
word quickli spread about thi new phenomena of interact film and the rocki horror pictur show 's life as the ultim cult film wa born . 
for the virgin out there who are unawar , the plot center around a love coupl , brad major ( barri bostwick ) and janet weiss ( susan sarandon ) , who come from a small town call denton . 
brad and janet have just attend the wed of two of their friend and decid that they also want to be wed . 
they plan a trip to see the man who led to their meet , dr . everett scott ( jonathan adam , who play the narrat in the origin stage version ) , but their car get a flat on the way to hi home . 
rememb a castl they had seen back a few mile down the road , they decid to walk there and see if the resid have a phone they might be abl to use to call for assist . 
the castl is actual the home of a race of alien from the planet transsexu ( in the galaxi of transylvania ) , who are lead by the eccentr fishnet-stock wear mad scientist dr . frank-n-furt ( tim curri ) . 
frank-n-furt ha mastermind the secret to creat life and ha done so in the form of rocki ( peter hinwood ) . 
as rocki becom accustom to hi new environ , brad and janet find themselv at the merci of frank-n-furt 's mad scheme . 
littl do ani of them know that the doctor 's handyman , riff-raff ( origin author richard o'brien ) , and domest , magenta ( patricia quinn ) , are actual transsexu planetari protector who have been sent to stop frank from spread hi alien evil all over the earth . 
go back and revisit thi film after ten year ( 1990 be the first time i had ever seen it ) , it is amaz to me that thi film ever got made or ha had the stay power that it ha . 
if i had been a fox execut around the time of it releas , i do n't think i would have known what to make of it either . 
for all intent and purpos it is a bad movi ( though bad in a realli good sort of way ) , but sumptuou product design and a great deal of incred catchi song realli help to increas the likabl of the film . 
by the time the credit role , it is fairli easi to have gotten wrap up in the film and it charact , and one realli get the feel that richard o'brien definit wa a fan of the old cheesi b-movi hi film is base on . 
when i say that the wall-to-wal song are catchi what i realli mean to say is that , onc you hear them , they will be ingrain in your head for all of etern . 
it goe without say that the `` time warp `` is the most popular song in the film . 
even peopl who have never seen the movi know of that particular song . 
what those who have n't seen the movi do n't know though , is that there are even more song in the film that are just as worthi of acknowledg . 
my person favorit is `` over at the frankenstein place `` , but `` dammit janet `` is also maddeningli catchi . 
tim curri 's vocal on the rock tune `` sweet transvestit `` need to be heard to be believ . 
the final of the film , a big floor show stage by frank-n-furt and featur most of the cast in garter and fishnet ( includ barri bostwick . . . 
frighten ! ) , featur no less than four song ( `` rose tint my world `` , `` do n't dream it `` , `` wild and untam thing `` , and `` i 'm go home `` ) , all of which are immens singabl . 
the film 's true popular and longev resid in it audienc particip though . 
despit the catchi of the song , thi movi would have been long forgotten about if it had n't have been for the multitud of folk who dress up everi friday or saturday night to rush out and be a part of their own littl floor show . 
watch thi film at home is noth compar to actual experienc thi in a theater with hundr of rabid fan ( unless you do n't mind invit friend over and let them shoot water gun in your home or let them throw rice and piec of toast all over the place ) . 
note : director jim sharman brought back to the central charact of the film , in the form of a sequel , result in the veri much forgotten film shock treatment , which pick up with brad and janet ( thi time play by cliff de young and jessica harper ! ) as contest on a game show in their home town of denton . 
the two are menac by the evil tv station manag ( also play by de young ) , who wish to claim janet as hi own . 
o'brien return as a writer/perform on the project ( as did quinn , campbel , and gray in perform capac onli ) , but the film had nowher near the spirit of the origin . 
25 year later , thi film is still the pinnacl of cult filmdom and is continu screen at midnight all over the world . 
as a last testament to the longev of the film and it legion of fan , a brand new special edit 2-disc dvd set ha been releas that is the most comprehens compendium of rocki horror to date ( even out shine the laserdisc special edit that wa releas for it 20th anniversari ) . 
if you are one of those peopl who ca n't get enough of the film , thi disc should be more than enough to satisfi your appetit . 
in an attempt to recreat the interact of the film , fox home entertain ha releas thi wonder 2-disc dvd set load with so mani extra that it 'll take a good eight hour just to take in the major of it all . 
the film itself is locat on the first disc and ha been given a beauti transfer that show it in it origin aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( enhanc for 16x9 televis ) . 
the film is present in two differ version , the us theatric version and the uk version which add a music number dure the final call `` superhero `` . 
for ambiti viewer , the disc also includ a hidden version ( locat on the main menu by click left from the scene select menu choic and highlight a pair of lip in the lower left corner ) which present the film in the manner it wa origin suppos to have been seen . 
origin , the film wa to have been similar to the wizard of oz , with the first half of the it seen in black and white ( and not chang to color until the transylvanian are first reveal to brad and janet dure the time warp music number ) . 
most report , includ a documentari on the disc , say that the color wa suppos to appear when frank-n-furt first show up in the elev , but it doe seem to work better where it wa place on thi version , depict the vast differ between the world brad and janet were use to compar with the one to which they are introduc . 
the film contain a commentari track by show creator ( and faith handyman ) richard o'brien and co-star patricia quinn which is fairli enjoy ( and quinn immedi start off by refus to speak about sarandon nearli contract pneumonia while have to walk around wet and half-nak on freez cold set , which she appar complain about the entir film and in futur interview ) . 
the two seem like old friend and have great stori to tell , but they also point out cast member that are sadli no longer with us anymor ( and there are quit a few ) . 
fox ha also tri to recreat the feel of attend the film in a theater with sever audienc particip segment . 
the first featur ( and the most simpl ) is a subtitl prompter which let you know when to open up on peopl with your water gun or when the right time to throw your toast is . 
the second featur is an audienc particip track , which let you in on what you might hear on a good night out at the show . 
most of the comment are unintellig becaus it is basic just a larg group of peopl scream their head off , but everi onc and a while a comment can be heard that will invok a bit of laughter . 
the final particip segment use a technolog veri much like the technolog use on the matrix dvd , where a pair of lip will appear on-screen dure certain scene of the film ( mostli dure the music number ) that can be select by press enter on your remot . 
when select , you will be taken out of the film and into a live particip version of the scene put on dure one of the mani screen that occur all over the world . 
onc the segment is over , you are deposit right back into the film where you left off . 
the first disc also contain a few dvd-rom goodi for those with that particular type of dvd player . 
there is a timelin of the evolut from the stage play version to worldwid cult sensat , a video jukebox , a you do n't know jack-styl trivia game ( which is about as bare bone a you do n't know jack parodi as it can be ) , and a bizarr mad-lib style word game known as riff-raff 's stori lab . 
link to the rocki horror websit are also avail from the dvd-rom portion of the disc . 
the second disc featur even more goodi for the person who love extra . 
former lite-rock video channel turn music historian vh-1 have allow some of their outtak footag from the `` behind the music : rocki horror `` special that they ran earlier in the year to be shown here , as well as a pop-up video for the meat loaf-sung `` hot patooti `` . 
the `` behind the music `` segment are all veri interest , especi richard o'brien 's jaunt through the castl ( which is now a hotel ! ) where the film wa origin shot . 
there are also extens of the sarandon , bostwick , quinn , o'brien , and meat loaf interview . 
as far as extra for the film itself go , there are two delet music number that are also includ here . 
one of which is just the `` superhero `` number avail in the uk version , but there is also anoth rare music number present here call `` onc in a while `` . 
a seri of altern take are also present here , but none of them are realli much of a revel ( except for the undress scene in which we see that patricia quinn is have a hard time unbutton barri bostwick 's pant ) . 
for the completist who must have everi littl bit of rocki horror paraphernalia , a misprint end sequenc and altern credit sequenc are also present here . 
round out the disc is a decent documentari call rocki horror doubl featur video show , two theatric trailer ( proclaim that the film is `` a differ sort of jaw `` ) , a still galleri , and two sing-a-long ( for `` toucha toucha touch me `` and `` sweet transvestit `` ) . 
fox 's special edit is the dvd set that rocki horror fan have been wait for all their live ( `` you 're lucki . . . 
i 'm lucki . . . 
he 's lucki . . . 
we 're all lucki ! `` ) . 
it 's not just amaz enough that ton of classic italian film are final get their recognit in the u . s . , but even long stand tradit are final receiv their due on the wonder dvd format . 
as with their excel dvd of the abyss , fight club , independ day , and the sound of music , fox show that they have most certainli made the commit to provid the thing that dvd lover want . 
i rais a toast to them ( cue the throw of the bread ) as i cut out the light , sit back , and watch those disembodi lip begin to sing about b-movi tradit . 
[ r ] 
