summari five liber iowa graduat student share a hous and carri on a tradit of a larg sunday dinner . 
for a year now they have been invit a guest for dinner and discuss . 
on thi occas one of the roommat , pete ( ron eldard ) , bring home a stranger who pick him up when hi car broke down . 
the stranger is zack ( bill paxton ) who appear like a decent enough good samaritan . 
noth could be further from the truth . 
after some dinner convers it appear that zack is , among other thing , a racist `` you know my grandfath onc said that if he knew you color were go to be so much troubl we 'd have pick the damn cotton ourselv `` , and an anti-semit . 
an argument escal at the dinner tabl and lead to violenc . 
after zack assault marc ( jonathan penner ) and pete , zack is kill . 
the roommat are at odd with what to do . 
marc , pete and pauli ( annabeth gish ) immedi wish to call the polic . 
luke ( courtney b . vanc ) and jude ( cameron diaz ) suggest someth differ . 
after more discuss they agre to dispos of the bodi and cover it up . 
they do not want to be sent to jail for what they feel wa a justifi homicid . 
when it is done the roommat realiz that it wa easier than they thought . 
so easi in fact that they decid that everi sunday their dinner guest would be someon who oppos of their view . 
if they all agre that the guest deserv to die , they will poison them and buri them in the back yard . 
the back yard fill up rather quickli , it ' victim includ ( among other ) a right to life extremist , an anti-environmentalist and a homophob . 
by the time the roommat get to their tenth victim they begin to question their method . 
are they give the guest a chanc ? 
are they even give them good food anymor ? 
thi film is what i like to call a `` hidden treasur `` . 
thi film is such a pleasant surpris . 
a well written , devilish satir that is funni , sexi and origin . 
thi film should be a hit , but i guess the fact that it appar had no market would n't give it much of a chanc . 
i had never heard of it until i saw a copi at my video store . 
staci titl doe a wonder job direct . 
she somehow find the time to give all of the charact enough screen time to develop a distinct person . 
> from the five member of the hous to other key charact includ sheriff stanley ( nora dunn ) , the local law close in on the truth , and the dream dinner guest , norman arbuthnot ( ron perlman ) , a rush limbaugh clone who should be the roommat easiest kill . 
perlman give the film ' best perform . 
he find the right note as the right wing big mouth who simultan offend and gain follow , and may just inadvert talk hi way out of death . 
the other actor are convinc as well , as all of the roommat deal with their murder way . 
some of the charact appear to be head down the road toward insan , while other griev their decis . 
when friend ask me to recommend a movi , thi is usual the first one i think of . 
i am not say that thi is my favorit movi ( although it is in my top ten ) , but becaus the film wa such a wonder surpris , i have a fond for it . 
i also tri to recommend film like thi : one that have not been seen by mani peopl , but should . 
