us critic-typ peopl are alway shake our head and tell everyon that movi are n't thrill ride , but i think that `` back to the futur ii `` is one of the few except . 
if the origin film had the spirit of the 1950 , then thi ha the spirit of the 80 : full of fight ; chase scene ; cliff hanger ; special effect ; some detect work ; and of cours the vision of the high-tech futur . 
the film pick up exactli where the first film left off , with doc ( lloyd ) , marti ( fox ) , and jennif ( elizabeth shue ) travel 30 year into the futur , becaus someth bad is go to happen to marti and jennif 's kid . 
doc tell marti he must take hi son 's place at an incid that will caus a chain reaction if marti mcfli jr . say ye to griff ( wilson - in one of four differ role ) . 
whoever said histori tend to repeat itself wa n't joke , especi when it come to the movi . 
essenti the same chase scene that marti endur in the 50 take place again in the year 2015 , but it 's not as authent excit thi time becaus it is so obvious a parodi of itself . 
at the end of the situat marti ha chang the cours of histori for the better , and it seem like everyth 's copaset right ? 
wrong . 
sinc when do thing go accord to plan in the `` back to the futur `` movi ? 
there are so mani minor conflict and detail that effect the plot and the direct of the stori i wo n't even bother to list them all . 
basic we get to see marti as an old man , hi hous , hi famili , etc . we also go back to an altern 1985 , and then back again to 1955 , with everyth happen so fast the film never stop to catch a breath . 
the film ' best aspect is the fact that it actual goe back to the first movi and show a lot of the action that occur from anoth angl . 
it 's difficult to convey the sens of wild and zani fun without describ everi littl detail . 
the onli thing sacrif in thi film is the suspens . 
instead of a grand final , we get lot of littl victori . 
by the end everyth is back to normal , but someth happen that lead to yet anoth sequel , but it doe n't seem gratuit . 
`` back to the futur part ii `` is a realli great adventur movi . 
it certainli ha more origin than other film but it lack a certain charm that wa domin throughout it predecessor . 
