magnolia left me rell from the theatr , stagger from the relentless assault of an adventur director revel in hi craft . 
at nearli three and a half hour , magnolia will strike some as a brute of a film . 
it not onli demand your attent , but challeng you to grasp the signific of seemingli unrel storylin and hidden intent . 
it is deliri , depress , headi , pretenti , surreal filmmak . 
it 's also a movi that will polar it viewer . 
director paul thoma anderson take a talent cast , wrap them in a net of interrel stori and set them spin in a symphoni of despair whose song doe n't let up until an oddli exhiler , biblic influenc pseudo-climax . 
the charact 's make up a modern day gomorrah in the soulless way in which they live their live . 
there is frank mackey ( tom cruis ) , a slitheri snake charmer of men whose `` search and destroy `` seminar teach how to mental rape a woman to get into her pant . 
there is earl partridg ( jason robard ) , a die media tycoon yearn to make amend for a lfe of callous by find hi estrang son . 
there is game show host jimmi gator ( phillip baker hall ) , a self absorb tv icon who is hide more than a few secret from hi public . 
and there is polic offic jim kur ( john c . reilli ) , who cloak himself in the codif of organ religion and the legal system , perhap mask a man who need rule to fuel hi decis make process . 
given equal weight are stori involv a coke-addl emot crippl ( melora walter ) , a former tv quiz show champion ( william h . maci ) . 
a materialist , adulter wife ( juliann moor ) , a child ( jeremi blackman ) victim by a mental abus parent , and a care , empathet nurs ( philip seymour hoffman ) . 
hover over all these charact is a cloud of death , lie and despair . 
it is not a pleasant movi . 
there is not one bad note in the act . 
it is affect and layer and wonder . 
there is a moment where tom cruis wordlessli implod that rival work he ha done in whole film . 
then he top himself with a mesmer deathb scene . 
walter play her charact with red-ey raw and a fierc self-destruct that is anxieti induc . 
robard convincingli portray a fade whisper of a man , who still hear a lion 's roar when he speak . 
director anderson ha appar given the actor lattitud to emot . 
the problem is that he stay on them too long . 
juliann moor 's charact , linda , quickli escal to a frenzi pitch of guilt , tear , scream and remors and never back off from it . 
after a few hour , it turn from interest to chines water tortur . 
quit a few scene , such as the game show , go on just a bit too long and will be off-put for those use to a pat 90 minut film where the main theme is reiter sever time just in case you miss it the first go around . 
and just what is the theme ? 
alien ? 
hopeless ? 
anderson challeng you to draw your own conclus and he doe n't make it easi . 
the film start by show three , strang and seemingli unrel event . 
it 's a harbing of the synchron to come . 
at time , differ stori reach reach key moment at the same time . 
other time , stori seem to veer off into unchart territori , regardless of what els is happen . 
anderson is audaci enough to even have a group sing in the middl of the film ! 
what 's surpris is that it mostli work . 
if you have doubt about anderson 's intent , i 'll ask you to pay attent to the final frame . 
despit all the sturm und drang , magnolia ultim speak to man 's capac for hope and attempt at redempt . 
despit magnolia 's needlessli long run time and it propens for uneven edit as anderson play the auteur , show off fro the mass , i have to admir hi gut . 
thi is truli adventur filmmak that spit in the face of convent storytel . 
my rate : a bulley . 
( star ) 
a side note : help anchor the film is a perfectli match soundtrack featur aime mann . 
her lyric often add depth to a scene themat while the actual music is both moros and beauti . 
when she sing `` save me `` at the end , it enhanc the yearn felt by the charact , just as `` wise up `` mirror the anguish felt by all as they contempl their live . 
