everyon 's heard about thi movi , and more specif , * the * scene . 
everyon 's heard the famou barnyard anim quot squeal ( no pun intend ) over and over . 
and everyon 's got to admit that they will never travel down a river again without think of deliver . 
good ! 
that 's what you 're suppos to do ! 
oh , if you are one of the one who ha n't seen thi yet , or you ( somehow ) have n't heard about what happen , here 's your spoiler warn . 
deliver wa a real shocker for it 's time ( 1972 ) . 
major advanc were be made in film , and deliver made it own advanc when it introduc a new horror into the film industri . 
when it wa first releas , it liter shock the audienc . 
it wa someth that , for the most part , had realli never been seen on the big screen befor ( among wide-releas film with an r rate ) . 
but by today 's film standard and in today 's world , such scene as the one in deliver can be reproduc in a way that is n't as shock , although they can be even more graphic ( e . g . 
pulp fiction ) . 
pulp fiction did it in a way , and expand on it in a way , that it could even be interpret as funni . 
but in 1972 , deliver wa no laugh matter . 
the stori center around a group of four atlanta men who decid to take a raft trip down a backwood river in georgia while the river is still there and in it glori . 
the initi leader of the group is lewi ( burt reynold in hi prime ) , a real outdoorsman and more of a daniel boone-typ then ani of the other . 
join him are ed ( jon voight ) , bobbi ( ned beatti ) , and drew ( ronni cox ) . 
the group 's first object is to find someon ( s ) to drive their car down the river to the point where they will end their trip . 
they make arrang with a few mountain men , who accept $ 40 . 00 for the task . 
drew also ha the famou `` duel banjo `` competit with a local who is , let us say , genet challeng . 
the men then set off down the river , with lewi , also the master at cano , lead the way . 
everyth seem to be go fine , until the two cano split up , leav the unexperienc ed and bobbi alon . 
they encount two hillbilli , arm with a shotgun , who captur them . 
ed is tie to a tree while bobbi is sodom by one of the men . 
ed nearli receiv the same cruelti , but lewi arriv just in time to fire an arrow through the rapist 's back . 
the other hillbilli get away , and the men have to decid what to do with the dead bodi . 
dispos of dead bodi is done rather frequent throughout thi film . 
while attempt to make a quick `` paddl for it `` , both cano tip over . 
drew , who wa without a life jacket , wa possibl shot and can not be found . 
lewi suffer a rather nasti compound fractur dure the incid and is in seriou condit . 
thi leav ed and bobbi . 
ed decid to go out and look for the remain hillbilli , alon , with the bow and arrow . 
the question aris if he will be abl to handl himself , as he horribl botch a first shot attempt at a deer , to which hi comment `` i wonder how anyon could kill a live thing `` will have more mean in the futur . 
deliver is definit a wild ride ( oop , i 'm do it again ) . 
it is extrem tens at some point and veri dramat . 
it 's definit one of those `` must see `` movi and should be consid one of the classic of it decad . 
