origin launch in 1978 , thi popular film wa re-introduc in 1998 to a whole new gener of moviego . 
base on the mighti success music from broadway , greas wa follow in 1980 with the less stellar greas 2 ( 6 . 5/10 ) , 
star a young michel pheiffer in one of her first featur film role . 
plot : high-school music set in the 1950 's showcas the relationship between the cool danni zuko of the t-bird ( travolta ) and the innoc and pure sandi olsen ( newton-john ) from australia . 
the film follow the coupl and their vivaci friend dure their last year at rydel high through song , danc and humour . 
critiqu : fun-lov , energet and innoc look back at time much simpler . 
thi movi effect juggl a thin romant stori line and the overal experi of the 1950 's , with a superb soundtrack and some great danc number . 
admittedli , i am somewhat bias in thi opinion , sinc thi film blast me into my past as a rebelli youth ( greas wa one of schmoe 's first big-screen experi , and everi other scene send me reel into the time of my elabor greas bubble-gum card collect ) , and the lesser respons that i possess at that time . 
but apart from the nostalg vibe , i wa still extrem impress by thi film , as it continu to amus me , despit my previou dozen or so view . 
thi film took john travolta from a dim-wit `` sweathog `` on tv 's welcom back kotter , and transform him into a movie-star of spectacular proport ( saturday night fever ( 7 . 5/10 ) in 1979 confirm that sudden popular ) . 
unfortun for the rest of the cast , hi popular wa not terribl contagi , despit their effect show in thi classic movi . 
on the down side , some of the absolut innoc in thi film might bore or turn peopl off ( like when sandi sing about `` drink lemonad `` and `` stay out until 10 `` with danni in `` summer night `` ) , and the plot is n't exactli the most elabor story-lin ever creat , but despit these small reserv , thi movi carri enough great music and high energi to keep anyon amus through it rapid 110 minut run time ( and believ me . . . i 
am not a fan of the music ! ! ) . 
make sure to look for a young lorenzo lama in the static role of the brainless footbal player , as well as the nation bandstand danc contest as one of the film 's absolut highlight . 
and do n't forget to buy the popular soundtrack afterward , so that you could listen to it peppi tune whenev you 're feel a littl blue . 
littl known fact : henri winkler , of tv 's happi day ' fonzi fame , turn down the part of danni zuko becaus he did not want to be typecast for the rest of hi career . 
both travolta and conaway were smitten by newton-john dure the film of thi pictur . 
conaway eventu bow out of the woo-fest , and marri newton-john 's sister a year later ( divorc after five year ) . 
