i 've alway been told that there are two thing in life that are unavoid - death and tax . 
oddli , i 've never given much thought to either of the two . 
mayb if i did , at least i 'd stop get collect notic from uncl sam . 
ye , let me make a resolut to devot myself to better record keep , hold on to all my receipt , and to do what it take to have the satisfact that my return are mistake-fre and will keep me from incur penalti . 
it seem that the issu of death may not be so differ , at least envis here in thi film . 
as thi tender love stori goe , if you do good thing and have a clear conscienc when you die , you ascend to a place of great peac and beauti . 
the dream , wish , and fantasi that you had when you were aliv come true . 
for those who die with a burden soul , howev , they wind up in that other place . 
chri and anni ( a winsom robin william and a radiant annabella sciorra ) seem like the perfect coupl that deserv all that heaven ha to offer . 
their love for each other is strong and their bond is undeni . 
but tragic event eventu tear apart the fabric of anni 's happi . 
and when chri die after a terribl car accid , she commit suicid - a tortur soul who blame herself . 
despair is perhap the greatest sin , and she will wallow in her guilt throughout etern . 
chri , on the other hand , ha made it to heaven , and upon learn of anni 's fate , he journey to hell to find her and to tri to free her from her nightmar . 
thi film brim with imagin , contain a lush imageri that show the arcadia that is heaven and the bitter and fright that is hell . 
it seem that heaven and hell could veri well be a product of our fantasi or nightmar . 
it 's shape and look is as infinit as our imagin . 
as chri explor hi new fantast world and discov thing both amaz and wondrou , he also begin to learn more about himself . 
certain question baffl him at first . 
whi doe hi home in heaven ooz with paint ? 
what is the signific of the asian stewardess ? 
whi doe he have an all-too-wil guid ( cuba good , jr . ) to help him find anni ? 
but as he slowli begin to realiz the answer , it make him stronger and give him a greater chanc to save anni . 
`` dream `` is both visual and tellingli beauti . 
ala , i have one regret . 
the movi did well to gather more and more emot speed , but the denouement wa curious unsatisfi . 
it seem as if it wa race to some kind of great finish , but it intens seem to wane in it final moment . 
howev , your eye will still well up with tear and you 'll find lot to savor . 
the storytel is purpos and well construct . 
the journey is imagin . 
and i wa surpris by how much i enjoy thi film . 
