i have a soft spot in my heart for pure , amor sleaz . 
i like showgirl ( there , i said it ) . 
i typic enjoy myself when sit through that eszterhaz , sex-fil cinemat tabloid-ish trash . 
wild thing is the best sleazi film i 've ever seen . 
it 's fill with great perform , graphic sex , three-way sex , rape charg , double-cross , plot twist , genitalia of all gender , graphic violenc , death , witti humor , and , best of all , denis richard . 
critic thi film for be disgust , raucou , and just plain wrong is as fundament pointless as critic citizen kane for be disturb , or titan for be lofti and epic . 
wild thing is a film that succe in it endeavor , but i do n't just admir it for thi -- i admir it for be so entertain and such a fun time at the movi . 
i must admit up-front , howev , that i am directli in the center of the age group to which thi film ha been engin to appeal . 
i imagin that thi show . 
it 's hard to give a plot summari without give away piec that should n't be known . 
i thought i had the whole thing work out from the trailer , but i wa wrong ; there are a lot of turn here . 
i 'll just say that the film take place in blue bay , a rich littl town in florida . 
in blue bay live sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) , a teacher who is accus of rape by two of hi student , kelli van ryan ( denis richard ) , and suzi toller ( neve campbel ) . 
kelli 's mother , sandra ( theresa russel ) , immedi press charg . 
all of thi happen fairli earli in the film . 
and right up until thi point , i had the whole film predict . 
i wa wrong , though , and everi time i wa proven wrong , i wa shock . 
wild thing is n't even remot plausibl , but it is so fun to see where the stori take us that the implaus of everi scene is meaningless , and often invit , just for kick . 
i rememb first see the preview for wild thing befor the replac killer . 
i 'd give the preview four star . 
it made me want to see the movi so much that i 've been wait for it anxious ever sinc . 
over the past few week though , i start to realiz that there wa no way the film could live up to the preview ( see independ day ) ; thank , i wa proven wrong . 
the preview for thi film is one that need to be studi by market analyst of everi distribut compani : not onli doe it make us want to see the film , but it doe n't give away ani of the secret . 
but i 'm not here to talk about the preview . 
i 'm here to talk about denis richard . 
now , i found her mildli interest in starship trooper , but in wild thing she appeal to such a base instinct that everi scene she 's in demand attent in a way that almost no other perform can . 
of cours , thi might have someth to do with her ocean eye . . . and 
flawless bodi . . . but 
i thought she did a great job act , too ( stop laugh ) . 
no , richard is truli a find -- she is talent , and alway convinc in thi film . 
thi mix in with her insan physic appeal make her a vital asset to ani film she may grace in the futur . 
the other actor are good , too . 
dillon is as suav as ever ( it 's nice to see him bounc back from albino allig and in & out ) . 
bacon doe a good job act all determin and stuff as a sex crime offic . 
neve campbel give the most layer perform of all of them , though i wo n't pretend that ani of these charact are deep and complex . 
for a plot like thi to work , all of these peopl have to be insan and basic contriv . 
that 's okay , becaus director john mcnaughton know that he 's make a self-consci wick film . 
each scene -- even the three-way sex scene -- is observ with hilar by mcnaughton , and the result is a sleaze-fest that 's too smart to resist . 
there is n't an inconsist moment in wild thing : everi bit of it is allur garbag , so trashi it 's funni , and so entertain it 's pain . 
i love it . 
