set in the late 80 's at the height of yuppi excess and base on the book by bret easton elli ( who explor the same theme in anoth book which wa also made into a movi , less than zero ) , american psycho put a new spin on the yuppi `` genr `` that elli help to creat . 
christian bale is perfectli cast as patrick bateman , a high power yuppi who hide a terribl secret from hi fianc ? e and hi colleagu . 
it seem that bateman is a serial killer and , unfortun for hi contemporari , hi tenuou grasp on realiti is start to slip . 
as he tri to balanc hi meticul daili routin with slaughter co-work and prostitut and hide their bodi , hi mental fabric slowli begin to unravel . 
i wa first introduc to the novel when i wa still in high school . 
i read an associ press articl in our local sunday newspap detail the problem elli wa have get hi novel publish due to the controversi violenc in it . 
as usual when anyth is controversi i tri to seek it out , but i soon forgot about the novel and did n't end up think about it again until i stumbl across it a coupl of year later at a bookstor . 
i pick it up and read it , but wa ultim disappoint becaus it left more question than answer . 
the movi ha a similar effect , but at least it 's less cryptic than elli ' novel . 
for onc , a film ha actual turn out to be better than the novel it wa base on . 
both the book and the film open with bateman describ hi fastidi morn prepar ( down to exactli what facial scrub and exfoli cream he use ) but the novel seem to concentr more on these excess throughout . 
the movi continu to touch upon these thing but make more of a point to immers us in bateman 's impend mad than to detail thing as painstakingli as the novel doe . 
as a result , the film is immens more entertain . 
lion gate seem to be the studio champion of controversi film ( have pick up kevin smith 's catholic-rattl dogma ) and here with american psycho there is no differ . 
screenwrit mari harron and guinever turner had the unenvi task of tri to take a novel about yuppi fill with graphic violenc and sex and make a market film out of it . 
some cut had to be made to the finish film to keep from get an nc-17 , mainli involv a sex scene compris bateman and two women , and initi report said the film wa unwatch . 
thank , it is watchabl and harron and turner have made one of the most scathingli satir film thi side of south park : bigger , longer & uncut . 
side note # 1 : co-writ guinever turner also make an appear in the film as an ill-fat acquaint of bateman 's who , after bateman suggest that she start make out with a femal prostitut , proclaim that she 's not a lesbian nor ha ani interest in it . 
the iron humor of the scene stem from the fact that turner ( the writer/director of the film go fish and who also assist kevin smith with part of hi script for chase ami ) is a lesbian . 
it 's a subtl in-jok and it 's one i found to be pretti humor . 
despit have a rather high profil support cast of young up-and-com ( includ rees witherspoon ) , most of the role are a wast and are the equival of extend bill cameo . 
the real draw here is christian bale and hi over-the-top perform as patrick bateman . 
whenev i read a novel i alway tri to imagin what it would be like as a movi and who would be perfect to cast as the charact . 
i alway had a hard time tri to decid who i would cast as bateman , but i never thought bale would deliv a perform as perfect as hi end up be . 
to say bale run away with the charact is a vast understat and he prove that he 's as adept at chew sceneri as al pacino or rod steiger . 
one sequenc in particular , involv bateman describ hi love for huey lewi and the news ' song `` hip to be squar `` right befor buri an axe in a co-work 's head , featur one of the most eccentr and kinet perform i have ever seen on film . 
side note # 2 : despit the fact that huey lewi ' `` hip to be squar `` and a pair of phil collin song appear in the film , do n't expect to see them on the soundtrack releas . 
huey lewi expressli request that hi song , featur in a rather larg set piec in the film ( much akin to the use of `` stuck in the middl with you `` in reservoir dog ) , not be includ on ani soundtrack releas . 
i 'm assum that collin request the same . 
on a similar note , whitney houston 's cover of `` the greatest love of all `` is also involv in a scene compar to the other two and it is veri obviou that it is n't the houston version at all but mere an instrument version cull from an unknown sourc . 
appar , houston wa n't as open about the use of her song as the other were . 
a bigger controversi than the violenc and sex ha been brew sinc the film 's releas : that of whether or not patrick ha actual commit the crime we have view dure the cours of the film . 
do n't look to the book for ani answer becaus it will onli serv to confus you more . 
sever web site have been dedic to the subject but i 'm still undecid . 
there is evid both for and against but the most scath evid against come from a scene near the end of the film where bateman goe on a kill spree take out cop , old ladi , and clean staff with equal gusto . 
the scene seem veri dream-lik and as absurd as the action film it suddenli seem to be parodi ( as an exampl , bateman blow up a polic car veri cinemat after fire sever shot from a handgun in the gener direct of the car ) . 
i kept wait for bateman to wake up and for the film to continu on from there , but bateman never doe wake up and the whole sequenc , though comic , throw the film off-bal ( which i suppos wa the intent ) . 
other than the few flaw i have mention , american psycho is an incred entertain film ( although you may not leav the movi fulli understand whether or not what ha just transpir actual occur in bateman 's realiti ) . 
i think thi movi is destin for great as a cult film and deserv the spot it will take as such . 
it may not chang anyon 's life , but it will certainli have an effect . 
i know i will certainli hear `` hip to be squar `` in a differ context the next time i hear it . 
[ r ] 
