one of the best movi i 've ever seen . 
i 'd heard extrem good thing about thi movi , and though the preview did n't realli intrigu that much , it wa a movi i 'd been anticip for a few month now . 
for some reason i 'm not sure of - thi movi wa not that big a sucess over in the u . s . it wa a definit hit with the critic , but did n't exactli set ani box offic record . 
after view thi incred well direct , written and act movi , i ca n't help but wonder - whi ? 
the strength of thi film is it 's gritti realism . 
the main charact are all human with individu flaw , no stereo-typ hollywood hero . 
you may not agre with mani of their action in the movi or their approach to life , but that is what make it so real . 
i had expect thi movi to be more of a drama than a thriller , but i wa mistaken . 
even the interrog scene move at such a pace so that it felt just as thrill as ani car chase . 
and the end . . . . . . whoa . 
i 've never seen a movi in my life where everyon in it act brilliantli . 
the three male lead - guy pearc , kevin spacey and russel crow are all just terrif . 
the 'best actor ' oscar talk surround thi film should have net one of them a statu , but there is one problem there . 
how could they have chosen between these three actor ? 
there is no way i could look at thi film and say one of them wa better than the other two . 
it 's imposs . 
kim bassing 's perform is also a revel . 
i 'd never been a big fan of her befor and alway thought she wa , well . . . what 's the word - a twinki ? 
that impress ha chang , as she complement crow and pearc perfectli . 
the depth to the stori and charact is truli astound . 
no cardboard charact here . 
the plot is full of twist and turn and some veri clever sequenc . 
pearc 's interog of three seper suspect is noth short of brilliant . 
i realli ca n't fault thi movi at all . 
i wa so glad to see fellow australian 's pearc and crow star in such a breathtak movi . 
i had been veri familiar with russel crow beforehand from hi mani australian film , but had not seen much of guy pearc . 
i intend to chang thi next time i visit the video store : ) 
