tarzan chad ' z = good ) 1999 , g , 90 minut [ 1 hour , 30 minut ] [ anim - adventure/drama ] star the voic of : toni goldwyn ( tarzan ) , minni driver ( jane porter ) , lanc henriksen ( kerchak ) , brian bless ( clayton ) ; written by tab murphi , bob tzudik , noni white ; produc by bonni arnold ; direct by chri buck , kevin lima ; base on the stori ` tarzan of the ape ' and charact creat by edgar rice burrough . 
seen juli 4 , 1999 at 7 : 15 p . m . at crossgat cinema 18 ( guilderland , ny ) , theater # 9 , by myself for free use my hoyt season pass . 
[ theater rate : * * * 1/2 : veri good sound , pictur and seat ] 
titl : ` tarzan ' beauti to look at , easi to follow . 
review : disney continu it trend of produc anim summer blockbust movi meant mostli for children but with enough wit and charm for adult to be interest and at least entertain by the stori . 
the basic premis is the same as everi other ` tarzan ' stori : a boy is rais in the african jungl by gorilla and becom one himself never realli understand ( or even notic ) that he 's human and is a lot differ from the anim he befriend . 
the first third of the film show how tarzan come to be adopt by kala ( voic by glen close ) , a femal gorilla who lost her own child in a classic case of darwan . 
her mate , kerchak ( henriksen ) , is a mean , conserv leader of the pack of gorilla who make up tarzan 's extend famili . 
he refus to acknowledg tarzan ( voic by alex d . linz dure the childhood scene ) as a son and often ha to hold himself back from kill tarzan after he continu doe danger , wild thing that are the result of hi own childish instinct . 
i have a feel children will quickli be abl to identifi with tarzan sinc all he realli is is just a kid who want to have fun and it 's funni how the adult fail to comprehend thi . 
later , as the stori transit from tarzan as a child to a full-grown man ( voic by goldwyn ) , he is encount by a parti of three human from england : jane porter ( driver ) , a beauti woman who is someth of a zoologist and an artist , her father prof . archimed q . porter ( voic by nigel hawthorn ) who is also a scientist ; and their slick and cun , yet barbar safari bodyguard clayton ( bless ) . 
it 's easi to tell where the stori is go at all time but the screenplay doe n't seem like it wa written hastili nor dumb down for children 's enjoy . 
sure there 's a lot of clich stuff here , like clayton 's smug and diabol manipul of tarzan and jane ; the goofi support charact ( voic by rosi o'donnel [ in full brooklyn accent ! ] and wayn knight - ` hello newman ! ' ) . 
there 's also a lot of fun action such as tarzan 's swing through the jungl on vine and slide down and around tree branch and trunk . 
it 's just like skateboard realli fast and do all sort of trick ( those mcdonald 's commerci realli prove thi point ) . 
ultim , you get exactli out of ` tarzan ' what you expect . . . 
and i mean that as a compliment , so have high expect . 
pro : anim and sound are a feast for the sens , stori is lightheart , breezi and not dumbed-down , no stupid sing-along song to get stuck in your head . 
con : surprisingli violent , should have been rate pg . 
young children may not understand some of the more adult theme ( parent , be readi to have some heavi question thrown your way ) . 
run time is a bit short . 
would you recommend thi to friend ? 
not to my friend , but to the movie-go public i would . 
score : or with no 0 rate ) . 
