we all know the fate of `` child 's play , `` which is the same for almost ani film these day that doe margin well financi : sequel hell . 
with the newest instal in the quasi-popular seri current out ( that would be `` bride of chucki `` - and it gross 11 million in it open weekend , which i think is the sign of the apocalyps number five ) , it 's kinda fun to go back and see how it all began rougli ten year ago with the origin , a task which is a retread for some , and for other ( name myself ) a chanc to see what all the fuss wa about . 
ala , the origin `` child 's play `` actual is n't that bad . 
even see it in the tini , claustrophob , and mechanically-challeng theatr at my colleg wa n't the horribl dull experi i thought it would be , not just becaus of the nice rowdi crowd ( which you almost need to watch a film like thi - and if you do n't believ me , tri and watch thi flick by yourself one day ) , but becaus as a whole , thi is n't a bad movi . 
it 's not great , but it doe have two thing that mani horror film like thi one do n't have : 1 ) a rather nifti premis , and 2 ) a sens of humor , both which save thi from horror hell , which is precis where , say , `` i know what you did last summer `` ha recent gone . 
the premis of `` child 's play `` is that a serial killer name charl lee ray ( brad douriff ) is shot and almost kill by a chicago hard-boil detect ( chri surrandon - see what happen to some oscar nomine ? ) , and befor he die , utter a voodoo chant that send hi soul directli into a kid 's doll call chucki , a doll which ha got to be the scariest-look kid 's doll i 've ever seen . 
the next day , a bum who 's stolen it sell it to single-moth karen barclay ( catherin hick ) , who then give it to her young son andi ( alex vincent ) for hi birthday . 
of cours chucki begin talk to the kid and tri to find a way to get out of the doll , but certain twist come up . 
like the guy he learn voodoo from reveal to him that the onli way to break the curs is to take over the bodi of the first person he told he wa insid the doll , that be andi . 
and soon enough , chucki is kill peopl either for reveng or for what seem like fun , and peopl are discov that chucki is n't just a kiddi doll one by one . 
the idea is a neat one , ripe for lot of comic terror , and luckili it utliz a lot of that . 
it play with an idea stolen from a classic looney toon short that when someon know that chucki is aliv , they tell peopl about it , but when he tri to prove themselv , chucki doe noth , and everyon think they 're crazi . 
it play with thi , as well as the whole child-lik thought that doll and toy come to life , and even manag to cram in a coupl realli frighten moment . 
even if there 's an entir sequenc devot to clich ( a woman alon in a hous hear a nois , goe to investig it , and find noth , but wait for the kicker a second later ! ) , 
there 's also a harrow car ride with chucki tri to knife the detect from the back seat , and then tri to attack him when the car final crash , leav the viewer with at least rather viscer exprienc . 
the end is rather fun , as well , albeit a tad too drawn-out ( about four differ end , mayb five ) , and the charact are more intellig than the averag horror film line-up , make them easier to sympath with . 
if there 's one horribl thing about mani horror film , it 's that the protagonist are moron who you ca n't help but shout obscen at , and for the most part , `` child 's play `` steer away from that . 
and most of all , the chucki charact is a good one , not just becaus he provid instant comic relief ( look ! 
that doll 's move on it own ! ) , but becaus he 's a gener scari charact . 
if there 's anyth realli wrong with `` child 's play , `` it 's that it 's too trite and ha too less self esteem . 
at almost 90 minut , `` child 's play `` featur way too less to be a real classic of horror . 
it throw itself into a simpl three act set-up that render it quick and almost forgett if it were n't for the fact that the film deal with a psychot doll . 
if the film had more confid in what it wa present , it would realli push the envelop and becom even more than just a short bit of horror escap , which is precis whi thi kind of film is onli memor as a cheap littl horor film . . . which 
is n't necessarili a bad thing . 
as such , `` child 's play `` is content to be just the short , typic horror film , but save itself via a sens of humor and a nice quasi-campi feel that make it much more enjoy than the averag short , typic horror film . 
