the bond seri is an island in the film world ; where els would we look forward to clich , and all of the other thing that occur in most of these film ? 
where els would pure escap , a vulner hero , the `` talk villain , `` blatant product placement , predict action sequenc , and lot of promiscu be hope for instead of a signific chang ? 
i do n't understand it myself , but that 's what the bond seri is base on . 
for ( i think ) 18 film , we 've mostli got the same thing over and over again , with some variat ( and a bit of chang , most notabl in the two dalton film ) . 
but even i , a king of cynic , ca n't bitch about it . 
and `` tomorrow never die , `` the ( again , i think ) eighteenth bond film , and second brosnan bond film , is no except . 
thank god ! 
the plot , as in most of them , is pure balderdash , but seem to have a nice kind of edg to it . 
instead of just plain billionair psychot , we get a rupert murdoch-esqu media mogul/psychot - elliot carver ( jonathan pryce , look bitch with a white-hair cru cut , and alway talk like he 's out of breath ) , who ha the admittingli ingeniu idea of get rate by creat a war . 
no , thi is not `` wag the dog `` - he want a real war , between china and england , and is stupid enough to put the coverag out befor anyon els discov it . . . in 
come bond . 
jame is sent all around the world , tri to do research on carver , fight with hi men , and run into ( on more than one occas ) a chines secret agent like him : wai lin ( michel yeoh , asian action star extraordinair . . . and 
co-star of `` supercop , `` nearli steal the screen from jacki chan in that one ) . 
the two eventu , and predict of cours , begin work togeth , and ye , there is some sexual tension between the two . 
luckili , their relationship is never strain , and she never give into hi cassanova- until the final . 
thank god again . 
in everi bond film , jame bag , on averag , three women ( sometim more , sometim less - the latter be more potent toward the aids-cautionari dalton ) , and he doe n't spoil thi one ( though we never see them , of cours - i mean , they need to stay around a pg-13 rate ) . 
there 's alway one at the begin with some chick we never see again , the big bond girl ( yeoh ) , and thi time we have an almost-cameo by teri hatcher as carver 's wife , pari , who , it seem , wa onc one of the girl he bag at the begin . 
ye , teri 's veri attract , but she seem kind of dull . 
of cours , it 's not realli her fault ; her part is under-written , and she 's onli in a small part of it . 
oh well . 
and there are alway the big henchmen , the guy who do the dirti work for the polish big villain . 
thi time we get a tall , arian-look ( not to mention robert shaw in `` from russia with love `` -look ) guy name stamper ( goetz otto ) , who is pretti awesom , although a bit stiff ( well , mostli hi postur , realli ) . 
and for a bit of comedi , we get a cameo from vincent shiavelli as a german or austrian assassin who is order to do in bond at one point . 
the govern peopl have small part , as usual , with q ( desmond llewelyn , look near death , sadli ) get onli one scene ( in a more grouchi mood than usual ) , and m ( judi dench ) , get more than m usual get ( i mean , it is judi dench ) . 
and for no reason whatsoev , except 'caus he wa so good in `` goldeney , `` joe don baker show up again as wade , admit he ha no reason for be there , and is thi time more annoy . 
again , oh well . 
the action sequenc are not a let-down , although sometim go on too long . 
they pop up everi now and then , mainli becaus they have to ( for the sake of the seri ) , and some signific one are the open one , one in a garag with a bmw that run on remot control , and a motorcylc chase ( on a bmw cycl , nonetheless ) through china street ( or wa it vietnam . . . the 
plot 's not realli essenti ) . 
they 're more high-tech , and featur much more laugh , which , yeah , i dig . 
so what if they 're distract ; they 're suppos to be ! 
the act , from most around is great . 
yeoh is , actual , one of the better bond girl , mainli becaus she 's so uniqu . 
the better bond girl are more independ , and have a certain wily- to them . 
pussi galor , with her homoerot underton and all , is one of the best , and diana rigg , who marri bond at the end of `` on her majesti 's secret servic `` onli to be kill , ad some emot depth . 
yeoh is notabl sinc she 's so activ , and ha great chemistri with brosnan . 
pryce is an awesom villain , be slimi and lovabl at the same time . 
and brosnan is , onc again , the mack daddi . 
the bond seri is built on clich , mainli becaus they 're so fun and add to the escap . 
if you can rememb the dalton year , and they 're seriou direct , you rememb how unsuccess they were , both financi and aesthet . 
the seri would falter if bog down with too much plot , too mani theme , and too much character . 
i do n't realli understand it myself , yet i 'm one of the bigger fan of the seri in the northeast unit state . 
have seen all of them more than onc ( ye , i 've seen thi twice alreadi ) , you can tell i ador them . 
while it 's not one of the best , like `` goldfing `` or `` from russia with love , `` `` tomorrow never die `` is nonetheless a truli awesom instal , even if not be as fulli amaz as some of the better one . 
