if the current trend of hollywood filmmak continu , we are probabl five or six year away from the moment when the 1980 would becom the next golden age of movi nostalgia . 
although some hollywood product alreadi use the last decad as a background for their stori ( mostli in iron way , like gross point blank and romi & michel 's high school reunion ) , some time should pass befor the good memori of that era overcom the bad one . 
until that happen , 1980 would be rememb as the decad of greed , when the revolutionari ideal of 1960 turn into it cruel , materialist opposit and the money becam the onli thing that matter . 
contemporari movi are good in illustr what wa bad for the peopl who had to live in those time . 
one of such movi , one that probabl bring the essenc of 1980 to the screen , is william friedkin 's to live and die in l . a . 
the money is n't just the symbol motiv in the film , it is the major element of the plot . 
rick master ( willem dafo ) is an ex-convict who use hi artist abil in order to becom one of the best counterfeit in l . a . be too intellig to fall into polic trap , and ruthless enough to elimin anybodi or anyth that could jeopardis hi career , master manag to elud law for year and becam well- connect . 
richard chanc ( william l . petersen ) is a secret servic agent , adrenalin junki whose life get new mean after hi partner got kill by master . 
howev , hi plan of bring the counterfeit down meet one obstacl after anoth . 
final he set up a final sting , but hi superior deni him the necessari money . 
be frustrat , and against the reluct of hi new partner john vukovich ( bill pankow ) , he decid to get the money by rob underworld courier . 
their plan backfir with almost tragic consequ when their target turn out to be undercov fbi agent , but chanc decid to carri out hi scheme anyway . 
like french connect , one of hi previou masterpiec , thi friedkin 's movi wa inspir by real life . 
gerrald petievich , author of the novel that later serv as basi for hi screenplay , spent mani year work as a secret servic agent . 
that turn to be use for the portray of that law enforc agenc , not much utilis by hollywood . 
secret servic millieu wa also cleverli use in order to bring the viewer into the decad of greed ; the begin scene where the movi 's hero work as a part of presidenti secur detail is a nice opportun to hear reagan 's speech that could illustr the polit and econom notion of those time . 
ultramaterialist and egotist view of the world is share by almost ani charact in the movi . 
willem dafo brilliantli portray danger and intellig psychopath , whose ruthless and lack of ani moral fibber doe n't seem like afflict in the reagan year ; on the contrari , those qualiti actual make master social accept . 
compar with him , and all the other side charact that want their `` piec of the action `` , two hero on the side of law seem like loser . 
instead of be a classic good guy , secret servic agent richard chanc ( portray by william petersen in hi most impress role so far ) is noth more than a lunat whose adrenalin addict and mad work against hi better judgement ; hi sidekick , who should serv as those `` better judgement `` is a weakl and sentiment fool that get sucker in the end . 
in such surround of moral decay , the not so happi , yet surpris end doe n't seem out of line ( although the veri last shot leav too much question unansw ) . 
the dark atmospher of l . a . - citi of glamour and moral decay - is nice captur by william friedkin 's direct skill . 
the tight and realist script with memor charact ( portray by such capabl actor like john turturro , dean stockwel , debra feuer , darlann fleugel and steve jame ) gave opportun for friedkin to use anoth gimmick that made him famou in hi 1971 masterpiec - great car chase . 
that scene alon , with lot of realism , thrill and surpris twist , is worth see the rest of the film . 
the soundtrack , provid by now almost forgotten band `` wang chung `` , is also one of the more memor of that decad . 
in everi case , to live and die in l . a . is one of the rare movi in which hollywood actual tri to tell some unflatt truth about the world and succe in it . 
