it 's been a good long while sinc we had a good old fashion thriller , where mostli everyth goe right for the audienc and wrong for the charact , but it 's been even longer sinc i saw a thriller that actual * shock * care for the charact , not mere judg them but actual allow their human foibl , flaw , and strength to emerg so radiantli . 
i 'd saw that it 's been at least a coupl decad , even as far back to the great hitchcock thriller , though i 'm hardli compar `` a simpl plan `` to , say , `` rear window `` or `` stranger on a train . `` 
yet it 's almost as good . 
it 's simpl , yet strang complex , and astonishingli reward , becaus instead of move from plot point to plot point , and mere lay out they-might-be-caught overton , it instead concern itself with the moral corrupt and depth of greed that it protagonist can go to , all without ever judg them as either evil or even immor . 
elegantli direct by sam raimi ( ye , the same ) , `` a simpl plan `` concern itself with the discoveri of a crash plane and within a bag full of million of dollar by an upright , moder financi stabl work man ( bill paxton ) , hi dim-wit brother ( billi bob thornton ) , and hi drink buddi ( brent brisco ) . 
without anyon around , and the possibl that no one would come look for it , the three debat and debat but final reach the decis that ye , they will keep it , but until ani author or possibl owner of the cash come look , and so they gener do n't flaunt anyth they do n't want to flaunt , they 'll keep it store away in the custodi of paxton . 
the possibilit of thi circumst are much divers : a ) they could endlessli play cat and mous with the author ; b ) they could tri to fight off the right owner , who are either villain or just ; or c ) they could fight amongst themselv . 
`` a simpl plan , `` though borrow a littl from each of these . 
a littl tiff with the cop here , a subplot involv an alleg fbi agent ( a chill gari cole ) there ) , and a bit of insid feud over here . 
but , as austin power would say , that 's not necessarili it bag ( babi ) . 
what i most admir about thi film , and what make thi a far superior and uniqu thriller is that it 's success abl to have it cake and eat it too . 
it effect involv some of the tradit thriller clich , like the one mention abov , but at the same time , it involv itself more deepli with the way the charact becom moral corrupt and what price they have to pay to have what they think is happi in a black duffl bag . 
so while step are taken to neatli cover thing up , and these subsequ step go miser awri , the film chose to never loos the sight that in cover thing up to the extent that these charact have to , they are slowli lose their soul and their human . 
in one earli scene , paxton and thornton have to make a trip back to the plane to return some of the money so it doe n't look like it wa all stolen ( not a bad idea ) , when thornton screw up ( as he doe continu throughout the movi ) , and paxton ha to do some major covering-up ( read : homicid ) . 
instead of a quick murder and immeadi hands-wash , raimi show a lengthi , pain shot from a low-angl onto paxton 's face as he tri to sift through hi emot and reach a conclus . 
there 's a similar shot afterward of paxton watch the murder he 's commit and take in all the horror which is also wonder effect , but the previou shot is even better : more moral complex and more gut-wrench . 
in short , probabl the best piec of direct raimi 's ever done , demonstr onc again that sometim the simplest way to do someth yield the best result ( for further proof , watch `` persona `` 's `` sex scene `` and wit what may be the best scene ingmar bergman 's ever done ) . 
but the film hardli stop here ; it follow complet through and rare lose sight of it charact human and the deplet thereof . 
yet it also move from step to step in such a grace method that we never feel like the film is mere stamp out the plot point of the stori . 
when the time come for paxton to start becom selfish and thu diabol ( with aid from hi pregnant wife , play by bridget fonda , a pal to raimi ) , he doe , and soon the horror of the situat is escal to tragic height . 
there 's at least two grand shootout , and at least one of them may be one of the greatest shootout in cinema histori , and when they arriv , they do n't come with masochist delight but with cringe-induc horror . 
dure the one , i wa actual sink into my chair , with the mantra `` they ca n't do thi , can they ? `` 
streem through my head . 
in fact , thi film , which is get mani comparison to the coen 's [ superior , but forget about it ] `` fargo , `` ha mani similar moment of manic insan , attribut to the major amount of subtleti and restraint with which the director direct what , in other hand , would be over-the-top distracted ( imagin , i suppos , robert rodriguez direct thi . . . then 
again , after see the `` evil dead `` film , i 'd hardli assum raimi would be abl to pull someth like thi off , although there are moment of the film which are easili dub `` raimi `` moment , a rifle-shot notwithstand ) . 
instead , raimi direct with matur and a gentl touch , easili let the stori and charact co-exist , while still let some of the more tradit raimi element come out , like some offbeat comic touch . 
most particularli , billi bob thornton 's charact , jacob , is a brilliant creation . 
hi dim-witted is often hilari ( for most of the film , everi line he utter wa greet with howl laughter ) , but there 's authent to the perform that strang enough make sure that we 're not total laugh at him . 
the chuckl he get are not necessarili one of full-condescens becaus thornton is so damn real . 
jacob 's a multi-dimension charact , and while be stupid , we see that as not so much a flaw , but a strength to hi charact : hi simplic is endear and mani of the act he commit are out of a strong inner strength and belief system , primarili toward the middl where hi bud and co-conspir begin to make some heavi wave concern the money . 
the final third of the film spend much time with him , and mani of the touch upon hi charact , not onli by thornton but also by screenwrit scott b . smith ( adapt hi own book , by the way ) are just great . 
i particularli admir a back stori about an old high school girlfriend , told by thornton with such sincer and accept that the cruel stori is revers to near-sweet and further strength of hi sadden charact . 
thornton is absolut brilliant in thi perform , by far the best perform he 's ever given and further proof that he 's the best charact actor in contemporari cinema ( if you do n't believ me , go back and watch hi wonder perform in `` primari color , `` a perform that would have been nomin for an oscar if thi had n't been in the same year ) becaus he 's easili abl to slip into a charact , and make him complet and utterli believ . 
he bring so much weight to the film that , as it is with most charact actor , it 's difficult pictur anyon els in the role . 
the rest of the cast is great too , from paxton 's declin work man to chelci ross ' amiabl town sheriff . 
even fonda show off her talent nice . 
and if i had ani complaint about the film , it 's that the plot is almost too simplist , and that at time , it seem too much like an exercis , like a cruel test on human that still pay attent to the human involv . 
and the occasion narrat is , as it usual is , annoy ( narrat should be use with extrem caution , especi when you 're tri to set thing up and/or express emot - did n't raimi watch the first murder scene ? ) . 
and , the thing that can most usual go wrong with a movi , the end is basic amiss . 
i wo n't reveal it , but it 's way too cruel and too much of an outsid set-up , as if the appear of a plane wa n't alreadi too much of that anyway . 
for a film that deal so much and so intim with the human of the charact involv , thi is the wrong end . 
imagin a character-control end ; otherwis , it 's like if in `` crime and punish `` if the polic had caught him instead of him break down and confess . . . not that i 'm at all compar `` a simpl plan `` to dostoevski . 
the end doe work , despit my protest , but to me , there wa someth incessantli nag and unsatisfi about it ; but if you had no qualm and were happi as a clam with it , then just ignor me and go about your day . 
but despit my mere claim , make no mistak that i wa complet and utterli edg of my seat throughout , and even sometim curdl up by the situat that occur , not becaus of ani kind of gore factor ( which is , thank for thi , veri minim ) , but becaus the film place it charact in situat and give them such pain thing to overcom that i 've frankli not seen much like it in quit awhil . 
at least not sinc the previou worthi hitchcockian masterpiec . 
