jame cmaeron 's breakthrough featur wa the first of hi film to showcas hi obsess with technolog and more specfic technolog run amok . 
for those of you who do not know the plot : in 2029 machin have engin a nuclear for the express purpos of wipe out the human race . 
human survivor are systemat hunt down and destroy . 
howev , some human are fight back led by the heroic john connor . 
to stop connor , the machin send a termin ( arnold schwarzenegg ) back to 1984 to murder connor 's mother , sara ( linda hamilton ) , and thu prevent connor from ever be born . 
in respons , the human send a protector , kyle rees , play by michael biehn . 
imag of machin and of human ' relianc on machin domin the film . 
even though the charact know that the benign oil driller of 1984 will becom the ruthless hunter killer of 2029 , human continu to use the machin . 
in the climax of star war , luke reli on the forc alon -- hi own spiritu power -- to destroy the death star . 
in the termin , howev , sara must use anoth machin -- a giant hydraul press -- to vanquish her enemi . 
cameron seem to be impli that thi relianc on technolog is inescap -- and he 's not happi about it . 
unab technolog growth bring about the termin 's other obsess : the apocalyps . 
we have plenti of imageri regard armageddon : thousand of human skull line the street of futur la . 
children watch the flame in a burn televis . 
when the termin arriv in 1984 an almost biblic lightn storm preced him . 
even though the `` futur is not set , `` there is no doubt about where the world is head at the end of the movi : the machin will rise and the human will have to struggl for their veri exist . 
all sara can do is await it . 
( cameron doe n't wimp out like he doe in termin 2 ) 
the end of the world is the human race 's own fault , too . 
after all it is the human that creat in the evil machin in the first place . 
back in 1984 , when the cold war wa still in full effect , the film must have been seen as a veri apt metaphor for nuclear war ( anoth obsess of cameron 's ) . 
these day , one can read a critic of machine-lik behavior in human . 
true , human touch are put into paul winfield 's and lanc henriksen 's detect charact , but the termin is also abl to move through the citi undetect . 
cameron also draw parallel between the mechan effici between the termin and rees when they first arriv in 1984 la . 
from a technic standpoint the termin is veri well done . 
arnold schwarzenegg is a perfect antagonist -- unstopp , merciless , obdur . 
we are not meant to empath with thi ultim kill machin as we are in some of schwarzenegg 's later work ( eg , commando ) , but fear him . 
cameron and hurd 's script basic depict a one hour and forty-f minut chase , take a few moment here and there to explain time travel and develop the romant subplot . 
while we do see the hackney dialogu cameron is now so well known for , there is also consider suspens especi for the first time viewer who may be unsur of kyle rees 's intent . 
cameron direct the film at a rapid , kinet pace . 
either the camera is move or someth within the frame is move -- usual both occur . 
the violenc is not particularli graphic ( templ of doom 's heart-pul scene outgross the termin 's ) , but it is brutal stage make it that much more effect . 
for a low budget film , the termin 's special effect and art direct ( especi in 2029 la ) are remark well done . 
special mention should be made of the stop motion effect work at the end of the film depict the termin endoskeleton . 
it is some of the best stop motion i have ever seen . 
one thing that doe n't hold up after all the year , howev , is linda hamilton 's hairdo . 
