when i first heard that disney 's next anim featur wa go to be tarzan , i wa almost horrifi . 
i wa worri that disney wa go to make anoth hercul ( sorri , jerk-ul ) . 
that effort wa too overload with comedi ( and the hero wa too boast and pompou to be consid a sympathet hero ) , and , after view it to thi day , i find it a disgrac for disney anim . 
when i saw the trailer , i wa think `` hmm . . . 
thi is n't bad at all . 
thi just might have potenti . `` 
when i bought the soundtrack , i wa realli quit surpris at how differ it sound from most disney featur . 
i have never realli heard of phil collin , nor have i heard of mark mancina , so i wa wonder , how would these two make thi disney flick spin ? 
i wa pleasantli surpris : the music is top-notch . 
phil collin ' song are terrif , percussion-heavi piec of work that seem to break the formula for typic disney song . 
the score from mark mancina wa also neat ; it remind me a bit of the lion king , but it wa more origin . 
so , the soundtrack wa n't bad at all , consid it wa by two peopl i am not familiar with . 
thi film could be good . . . 
but will it be ? 
when i final went to see it ( on open day , as i tend to do with most disney anim featur ) , my question wa answer , in a complet turnabout of expect for me : disney 's tarzan is surprisingli decent . 
the stori start out with tarzan 's parent surviv a shipwreck and find a home on an island where ape live in peac . 
howev , one day , a viciou leopard , sabor , attack and kill tarzan 's parent , leav him ( at thi time , a babi ) alone-until kala of the ape rescu him . 
kala want to rais the child as her own ( she lost her previous to sabor ) , but her mate , kerchak is not too sure . 
`` it 's not our kind , `` he say . 
he agre , though , to let her take care of littl tarzan , but `` that doe n't make him my son . `` 
tarzan grow up , vow to be `` the best ape ever `` , but no matter how hard he tri or what he doe ( at the guidanc of hi hilari ape friend , terk ) , he just ca n't convinc kerchak that he is one of the ape , even when he defeat sabor in a battl . 
one day , a new anim show up : human . 
thi is where jane come into the pictur . 
she is on an expedit with her father ( professor porter ) , and a despic hunter ( clayton ) search for gorilla . 
tarzan rescu her when she is chase by baboon , and soon they get to know each other . 
even though tarzan fall in love with jane , thi caus thing to go wrong . 
clayton trick tarzan into take him , jane , and porter to see the ape , who are convinc that he ha betray them . 
wors , clayton ha plot to send the gorilla to london for money . 
will tarzan find out which famili he belong to and save the ape ? 
i 'm not gon na tell you , sorri . 
you 're gon na have to see for yourself . 
and see it you should ; the anim is , as alway , top notch , particularli when tarzan goe soar through the tree ( read that , skateboard ) . 
the deep canva comput gener effect add an authent feel to the jungl which tarzan live in . 
in fact , it seem similar to the comput imagery/cel anim combin in rival disney animt film , such as fox 's anastasia and dreamwork ' princ of egypt . 
could it be that disney wa actual take idea from their rival ? 
the cast is fairli good . 
toni goldwyn is emot believ as tarzan ( and to my relief , the anim have succeed in not make him anoth hercul . 
nice done ) , and glenn close is wonder as kala ( she ha a beauti sing voic , too , by the way ) . 
lanc henrikson as kerchak somewhat remind me of robbi benson 's beast voic , which make him all the more feroci and grip . 
minni driver had me a littl worri at first as the voic of jane . 
i thought she had the most annoy voic in the whole film ( when i first saw the trailer ) , but when i saw the film , i did n't have a problem with her . 
i take back my insult on driver . 
it 's nice to hear nigel hawthorn do anoth voic for a disney anim featur ( he wa fflewdurr flamm in disney 's most underr classic , the black cauldron ) ; he is funni and delight as professor porter . 
on the villiani side of the voic , brian bless ( the guy who did boss nass in star war : episod i-th phantom menac ) bring a pompou , and later on viciou , voic to the sinist clayton . 
he might not be the strongest charact in the film ( he 's just a plain bad guy , noth els ) , but bless 's vocal work contribut greatli . 
but if there is ani voic that i think steal the whole show , it should be rosi o'donnel , who is hilari funni as terk . 
she also ha a fiesti attitud ( `` i 'm gon na kill ya ! `` 
she say , more than onc ) . 
i almost sung along with her dure one of the film 's best moment , where the ape make a mess of the human 's camp , via song , er , scat `` shoo-be-doo , da-be-dah `` . 
i can see whi she want to have a rock song for the film , she 's a good singer . 
not that she wa the onli funni charact in the film , though . 
wayn knight ( who play stan in space jam ) give a whimsic funni style to tantor , an eleph who is especi worri about step into `` un-sanitari `` water . 
( thank , there is no real sound of flatuence-that would have kill the pictur ) . 
the song , as i said befor , are decent , mostli sung by collin . 
thi set a new standard for disney anim film becaus for the first time , the charact do not sing . 
i toler music number from charact a lot more than some other guy would , but i found thi to be a nice chang of pace . 
the stori doe have element of comedi in it , but they also load it with strong dramat touch , which make thi film far better than the unbeliev uninspir hercul . 
if there is anyth disappoint about tarzan , it might be the omiss of the ' n sync version of `` trash the camp `` from the film . 
i heard it on the soundtrack , and wonder where it wa go to be . 
i wa upset that it wa n't , becaus i had thought of take a few friend of mine who like ' n sync to see tarzan . 
oh , well . . . 
overal , i wa enthral with tarzan . 
i would n't hold it high the way i do with mulan or the hunchback of notr dame ( my all-tim favorit disney classic ) , but thi film deserv a high place among disney 's greatest achiev . 
i give a nod to disney for follow up their spectacular * * * * * masterpiec , mulan , with thi great anim adapt of egar rice burrough 's tarzan . 
