i suppos an argument could be made that toy stori is one of those film that did n't need a sequel . 
belov by kid and their parent , respect equal by mainstream america and geekish movi buff , that first movi remain a landmark of recent histori , the one that burst open the possibl of comput anim and demonstr through wild invent and giddi chutzpah just how complac the disney anim machin had becom in crank out fluffi razzle-dazzl entertain full of formula storytel and banal songwrit . 
if disney wa embarrass at be beaten at it own game ( toy stori wa a smash hit of unexpect proport , and one that caught the merchandis end of the busi unawar as demand for action figur far outstrip suppli ) , it did n't show , and as distributor and part-own of the properti , at least it had a piec of the action . 
toy stori 2 wa greenlight as a direct-to-video project , disney 's standard tactic for milk a few more buck out of hot franchis without expend the effort of develop a proper featur film . 
as someon who doe n't believ sequel are necessarili a bad thing ( grant , they usual are a bad thing , but that 's becaus they 're made for the wrong reason ) , i had to wonder what in the world they were think . 
fortun , disney claim to have been so knocked-out by earli anim test that they let pixar go full-spe ahead with a theatric sequel . 
lucki thing , too -- like the first movi , thi one is a joy to behold on the big screen , and technic , it improv on it predecessor on just about everi level . 
( from a busi standpoint , the end credit show that the new creation are copyright by pixar , while the previou film 's element are share between pixar and disney , a sign of the product hous 's new cachet in hollywood . ) 
visual , the main shortcom of thi fulli computer-gener movi is that human figur are still render rel poorli , make them look a littl creepi . 
fortun , that eeri unreal fit in perfectli with the perspect of the movi , where the secret world of toy is more immedi , and arguabl more attract , than the world of the human who surround them . 
as befor , the stori is predic on the premis that the toy scatter around the bedroom of a littl boy name andi -- and , inde , all the toy scatter around the bedroom of all littl children -- come to life in the child 's absenc . 
while the toy scamper about and chatter endlessli among themselv , the real joy of a toy 's life is to mean someth to it owner . 
one of the subject of thi new film is the sad of toy that have been broken or abandon , left on a shelf to gather dust , and anoth is the sort of emot limbo inhabit by toy that are mere prize of covet collector . 
most often , those toy are pack away in dark space , safe from sunlight and humid , and often they 're not even remov from their packag . 
imagin what a chip that would put on your shoulder , and you 'll understand the attitud of the collector 's item that show up in thi movi . 
sheriff woodi ( voic by a note-perfect tom hank ) , the longtim favorit among andi 's toy who wa challeng in the previou go-round by the arriv of flashy-new-th action figur buzz lightyear ( tim allen ) , suffer an injuri earli in the film , when andi tug too hard on hi arm and pull a seam apart , reveal the stuf insid . 
thi accid catalyz some uneasi among the toy , who know too well that a broken toy is often a forgotten toy , and a forgotten toy is one that lose it reason for exist . 
those anxieti are crystal when andi 's mom tear through hi live room , collect old toy for a yard sale . 
and there 's an iron twist to the tale , as woodi wind up be stolen by an avid toy collector who need exactli that quaint cowboy figur to complet a set that he hope to sell to a japanes toy museum for a sizabl sum . 
the rest of andi 's toy , who owe him quit a debt , resolv to rescu him . 
that thi film manag to turn a box mark `` 25 cent `` into a symbol of doom , or to make it screed against the retent of collect toy by wronghead profit fuel for a metaphys dilemma , is a testament to it skill at metaphor , seamlessli translat the hope and fear of our real world into that of the toy . 
oper on thi level of abstract , toy stori 2 tackl some mighti heavi issu without onc preach or veer into pretenti . 
( the worst i can say is that randi newman seem to have reserv hi sappiest lyric in year for sarah mclachlan , who stop the movi cold by sing it at just about the halfway mark . ) 
sometim i think toy stori 2 tri too hard . 
there 's somewhat less of the seat-of-the-p loopi that energ the first film , allow it to surpris and excit on a near-const basi , and more philosoph about toy , collector , the natur of happi and the mean of life . 
while that lead to fewer bellylaugh , it doe make way for more elabor humor and an uncommonli ambiti reflex that ask the toy to consid their own statu as commod that move in and out of fashion . 
( just do n't ask whi andi 's favorit toy is base on a tv seri that wa cancel in 1957 . ) 
where els in mainstream movi do you get such an awesom moment as the one where buzz arriv at al 's toy barn to find it stock to the gill with hi doppelgang , buzz lightyear action figur ? 
forget the self-congratulatori scienc fiction of the matrix -- thi is a fundament mind-bend for buzz , and the audienc share hi humil and wonder at the sight . 
here , as in the roughli concurr scene where woodi watch tape of the howdi doodyish children 's tv show that origin hi charact , we see our protagonist come face-to-fac with god . 
in sli way , then , toy stori 2 can be read as a film about mortal , a metaphor consider of age and death . 
significantli , the film 's veri first sequenc conclud with a grim shocker that had our opening-night crowd in a near-uproar . 
and toward the end , when buzz and woodi specul on how long they have befor andi grow up and discard hi old toy , one of them observ , with an alacr both inspir and heartbreak , that it will be fun while it last . 
so toy stori 2 join the tradit of children 's stori , larg neglect of late , that say someth real about the inevit joy and tragedi of exist . 
what 's realli strike is that both toy stori film ( and , to a lesser degre , pixar 's a bug 's life ) are kid ' movi with wit and sophist to shame most of their ostens adult counterpart , not to mention whatev piec of tot-friendli eye-candi is due from the disney dream factori ani given summer . 
it put one in mind of the glori day of chuck jone and the old gang at warner bro . anim . 
i 'm not sure lasset and hi pal at pixar will ever oper at quit that level of pure visual invent -- they love tradit narr too much -- but , boy , it make me wonder what they might come up with next . 
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- direct by john lasset , colin bradi , ash brannon , and lee unkrich written by lasset , brannon , peter docter , andrew stanton , rita hsaio , doug chamberlain , and chri webb cinematographi by sharon calahan star ( voic ) tom hank , tim allen , and joan cusack usa , 1999 
theatric aspect ratio : 1 . 85 : 1 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 
