in 1987 the stock market crash , and oliv stone 's wall street wa releas to critic acclaim and pack movi hous . 
wall street luck out in it time ; the recent crash gave the film a reson it might not of had , and though it kill-or-be-kil approach to busi wa exagger , that veri ideolog wa key into the mind set of the quintessenti reagan-era businessman . 
stone construct hi film as a mythic good vs . evil tale relay in the fast-pac milieu of the burgeon stock exchang . 
critic and audienc laud wall street , elev it statu to that of a contemporari classic . 
i 'm proud to say that i will never be count as one of them . 
i found wall street to be just as axiomat and pander as the major of stone 's output with it thin caricatur , obviou sentiment , and a charisma barren perform by the young charli sheen . 
stone goe for broke in everi scene ( the same could be said for nearli all of hi work ) . 
thi approach tend to buri hi purport messag beneath a heap of good intent . 
he direct stock exchang scene in typic hyperbol mode with peopl shout into phone as if they were in a plummet airplan . 
it 's all an excus for stone to ratchet up the emot with fals intens , rather than explor what these situat are realli like . 
i have a feel the broker would be psycholog manipul ( as they are present in boiler room ) rather than laughabl over the top . 
these guy are salesmen after all , not televis judg . 
more than anyth i am baffl by whi so mani ador wall street . 
the onli possibl solut i can muster is it releas date . 
and not just the timeli of the `` greed is good `` subject matter : the film wa plump down in the eighti , a decad in which the one-jok comedi rose to an art form , and a group of glamor brat packer smirk their way through inan high concept , low result movi . 
in my mind , the eighti will forev be rememb as a decad with not onli a prolifer of bad movi , but bad music , bad hair , and bad cloth . 
mayb stone 's after school special set in wall street wa view as a welcom chang of pace . 
boiler room is an equal well-tim film with some similar to stone 's piec of crap . 
they both featur a consequenti father-son relationship , though boiler room 's is much more subtl and touch . 
and they are both concern with the power of greed , yet the men in boiler room are akin to poseur presum to be big shot rather than the slippery-smooth , heartless gordon gecko figur of wall street . 
boiler room is a messag movi as well , though ( at least until the end ) doe n't shove it in our face . 
boiler room is about the pursuit of cash and the degre to which peopl will go for that cash . 
as i said , thi film is inde time in a societi where who want to be a millionair is the number one prime time show everi day ( bring about a revolut of prime time tv watch that ha n't been seen in quit a while ) ; not onli do we want to be millionair , we want to watch other peopl becom millionair ! 
in our super-judgment , power-ori cultur the desir for money supersed everyth ; when you have money , you have it `` all `` . 
and seth ( giovanni ribisi ) want it `` all `` the easi way . 
he 's a well-intent colleg drop out who get lure into work for an illeg run brokerag firm ( the kind that sell junk stock ) whereupon he meet other just like him . 
ben affleck is cast as jim , the compani headhunt , who strut in command the room like a frat boy gordon gecko . 
hi job is to influenc traine 's into becom enthusiast employe by give a speech that subtli attack their man hood . 
it 's iron that he sell these pup the same load of b . s that they 're told to dish out to prospect buyer . 
affleck 's charact is obvious suppos to recal alec baldwin 's similar charact in glengari glen ross , and that prove detriment to the actor 's perform . 
affleck shout , curs and be-littl hi rooki employe just like baldwin , minu the edg . 
when alec play the scene he becam the part , spew those brutal line as if they were hi own . 
by comparison affleck simpli look as if he were do a realli hammi line read . 
the broker approach their job with the fervor of overzeal jock : they storm to work like footbal player on the way to the big game . 
rap music thump on the soundtrack effect illustr who these guy think they are : intellectu gangster . 
they are n't abov a rumbl as a test of man hood especi dure leisur time where the lumber scott caan seem all too eager to use hi fist in minor disput . 
we drink up thi world along with seth , and watch him becom seduc by it , just like we might be . 
as in all cautionari tale , boiler room begin with seduc us into it illustri world of profit and wrongdo , then smack us with the consequ of all the reckless . 
i know thi stori . 
we all do . 
but it can work if it 's told with intellig and energi , and that is how writer \ director ben younger tell it . 
as a director of ( pleas excus my french ) mise-en-scen younger ha much to learn . 
hi style is sitcom bland . 
but hi write is n't . 
younger 's script is well studi in the vernacular of thi bunch ; hi dialogu is like a junior david mamet . 
despit the moder camera work younger fill hi phone-pitch scene with tension that come from just the perform and the tightli wound script . 
the broker \ huckster counter everi custom object , gentli bulli them into buy stock . 
these moment are film like psycholog action scene : a tens confront between a victim and a victim who is n't awar that he is one . 
with the except of affleck 's brief appear , the perform are truli except . 
ribisi , who ha the edgi look of a charact actor , is extrem potent here , work hi pale angular face , and eeri , plaintiv stare for all their worth . 
he convey child-lik vulner ( hi charact seem to hide in a corner whenev thing are n't go hi way ) in some scene , and in other he 's feroci cut throat . 
the jekyl and hyde contradict work well in the movi : ribisi is confid when it 's just him and the phone , but cowardli in front of author figur includ hi abras father ( authorit play by ron rifkin ) . 
boiler room thank avoid wall street-lik histrion in the sales-pitch sequenc ; the sale build slowli like a crescendo of intellig psycholog ploy . 
those ploy are taught to seth by chri ( vin diesel ) , a kind broker who altern between seth 's friend and hi mentor . 
diesl shine in hi minor role . 
thi week i saw the sci-fi opu pitch black in which diesel play a complet differ role in an equal effect manner . 
in that film he ha the kind of role that might have gone to arnold schwarzenegg in the 80 's , and in boiler room he ha the kind of role that might have gone to elliot gould in the 70 's . 
nicki katt is also memor as a superior broker obsess with what he ca n't have . 
nia long , as the firm 's secretari , ( a lone black women amongst mani white men ) is ribisi 's love interest in a part that at first look to be as insignific as most of the part thi talent actress get , but develop into someth more interest . 
the two make an oddli likeabl coupl . 
long is smart and brash , and ribisi is charmingli aloof . 
at one point he say to her `` i 'm just lookin ' for some chocol love `` . 
it 's a terribl line but ribisi deliv it in such an innocu child-lik way , it becom sweetli endear . 
unfortun , toward the end , the boiler room turn a tad schmaltzi . 
there is much cri , hug , and sorrow stare . 
thi is okay when taken in small dose , but younger 's conclus is construct as a seri of these boo-hoo moment , one follow the other . 
a particular misstep is hi attempt to show the effect that seth 's manipul have on one of hi poor victim . 
it 's not a bad idea but the execut is lack , with those scene feel tack on to further spell out the messag . 
that messag be , `` greed is bad `` . 
ye it 's patent obviou , but boiler room convey it by introduc us to a cultur that i have n't seen much of in the movi : the disenfranchis twenti someth entrepreneur . 
and all wall street did wa introduc us to a simplist fantasi world of saint and sinner . 
boiler room offer neither extrem . 
it give us what is in between , and for that i am thank . 
