big courtroom thriller have alway captiv america . 
o . j . 
simpson , tom capano , the menendez brother . 
all these name are synonym to american and courtroom . 
and , of cours , courtroom drama are not a new topic to hollywood . 
whether it be john grisham 's thrill novel or televis 's famou drama , the courtroom ha alway provid big buck . 
so when i rent a civil action , i wa expect the film to be like the rainmak , a brilliant law film that kept viewer on the edg of their seat . 
howev , what i saw in a civil action wa far differ from what i expect , a major surpris , but fortun , a pleasant one . 
john travolta alway seem to come up big when you least expect it . 
no one expect him to light up the screen in greas , nor in saturday night fever . 
but , whenev he get knock down , he alway seem to come back fight . 
a civil action is not john 's best perform , but a strong one that could rival ani perform in 1998 . 
travolta prove that a normal and believ perform can vault a film into oscar nomin . 
hi perform is not flashi , nor memor , just solid . 
if he deliv the onli solid perform , thi film would still be averag . 
luckili , he ha a strong support cast . 
william h . maci is probabl one of the most underr actor in hollywood . 
he continu to deliv great perform one after the other , but he is still regard as a secondari actor . 
in a civil action , he deliv yet anoth great perform as travolta 's paranoid and greedi account . 
he is not a lovabl charact , but a charact who stand out in your mind whenev you think of the film . 
he is not one of the big time lawyer , just a measli account . 
but , he deliv one of the best support role of 1998 , but there is actual someon better in a civil action . 
robert duval is also an underr actor . 
he get mani lead role , but is never heard when you hear of big box offic draw like tom hank , brad pitt and jim carrey . 
duval ha a support role in thi as a lawyer of the co-defend . 
duval is magic in thi role . 
he is the wise teacher , who not onli battl it out in the courtroom , but also manag to teach everi major player a lesson , in hi own twist way . 
in mani non-comed film , director are alway tri to find a way to implement a touch of comedi , to keep the audienc on their toe . 
unfortun , they usual just key in on one charact whose main object is to be funni ( jar-jar bink , anyon ? ) . 
howev , thi usual backfir becaus the charact is never fulli develop . 
thi is not the case in a civil action . 
they have comedi come from all side . 
whether it be duval 's inan question or maci 's sharp anger , the laugh come in a steadi pace . 
grant , it 's not roll in the aisl funni , but it provid a nice addit to the film . 
the plot is terrific- somewhat . 
the setup is nice with the film actual start with a victori in the courtroom . 
then the case that will make or break jan ( travolta ) 's career rear it ugli head . 
they find out the goldmin involv with the case and wind up take it . 
howev , budget soon flounder and jan find himself in deep debt . 
i will not spoil the rest , although i must speak of the one downsid to the film . 
the courtroom debat are great , but the actual problem they are fight for is never fulli explor . 
it left me somewhat confus , although the rest of the film is terrif . 
all in all , john travolta is back yet again in thi great film . 
hi support cast , consist of maci and duval , turn in tremend perform , which eas the load on travolta . 
the film is smart , witti and thought provok . 
not onli doe it gaug in-court battl , but also the variou toll it can take on the major player . 
a civil action provid everyth a drama lover crave . 
