it is an understood passion and an understood calm . 
bud white walk into the home of lynn bracken , a prostitut `` cut to look like veronica lake . `` 
he 's one of l . a . 's finest investig the murder of fellow cop , and one of the lead take him to her home . 
it 's understood that he is quiet thunder , a guy who 's calm voic is more power than hi arm . 
it 's understood that she 's suppos to be beauti , but underneath her face is pain and scrape out line that say her life could have been so much more . 
you know without have to be told . 
`` you 're the first guy who ha n't told me i look like veronicca lake in under a minut , `` she say . 
`` you look ten time better . `` 
he say it without think . 
like he know without her have to say anyth . 
white 's face doe n't turn , it doe n't blush . 
you see hi eye , and you believ him . 
it 's a perfect moment in a near perfect movi . 
l . a . confidenti is the best movi of the year . 
it is grace and poetri ; a richli layer work of pure entertain . 
it is a portrait of polic and moral as it work it 's way through charact that are so real on screen that you believ that they might have a soul . 
in a phrase , it is everyth . 
it is funni , it is excit , ha enough action and adventur and mysteri and grace and suspens . 
it is the pinnacl of a movi , a complet work , a flawless film . 
it 's hard to tell you about the plot , becaus it 's about so much more than plot . 
besid , there 's too much to describ . 
sure , it 's about polic and search for corrupt and who fight for the right reason and the definit of justic . 
but it 's also about what you feel when you look into the eye of the charact in the film . 
director curti hanson ha perfectli frame each charact , let you see into them , root for them one moment , doubt them the next . 
the actor work with their line , but in thi movi their most import weapon is their eye . 
you can tell what each person is feel just by look into their eye for one moment . 
russel crow play bud white , a muscl cop with a beef for wife beater . 
hi movement are fierc . 
when he strike , you jump , when he 's calm , you know it wo n't be for long . 
hi intens ooz out of the screen . 
you follow hi charact through the movi afraid of him , but in sympathi of him , becaus you know how good hi heart is . 
he 's look for a way to solv crime , you 're just never sure how he 's go to do it . 
hi counter is ed exley , play with a chissel face by guy pierc . 
you feel for him , for hi charact , becaus of all the cop in the movi he 's the one that 's actual tri to do the right thing by go by the book . 
you know that he must face the realiti of break the book , and you love the way he get there . 
i 've seen l . a confidenti twice , immedi after it wa over , i want to hit the rewind button and watch it again . 
i did n't want the theater experi to end . 
it 's been a long time sinc i actual experienc a movi , feel like i got someth after i walk out . 
that 's whi i love movi ; the great one can be too rich and power to describ . 
watch l . a . confidenti : after you leav the theater , you feel like you just watch a classic movi . 
that 's whi la confidenti stand as the best movi of the year . 
l . a . confidenti ( direct by curti hanson . 
star russel crow , guy pierc , kevin spacey , jame cromwel , and kim basing . 
