capsul : thi is a harrow look at a rare dramat chapter of wwii , life in a japanes prison camp . 
to end all war is a move film about the struggl of prison to retain their human and their digniti . 
the somewhat religi interpret may not be to everyon 's tast . 
, +3 ( -4 to +4 ) 
more than ani other peopl the japanes seem capabl of act with one goal and not let ani other consider get in their way . 
thi may be a holdov from the code of bushido when loyalti to one master wa the onli law . 
dure world war ii , of cours , the one goal wa win the war . 
thi led them to do some veri inhuman thing in pursuit of that goal . 
when the japanes had captur prison , they were veri much treat in whatev way would be optimum for achiev the one goal . 
minimum resourc were to be spent in maintain prison in keep with maxim posit output . 
while the german , not known for their kind in those day , had a 6 % mortal rate among captur prison of war , the mortal rate of japanes prison of war wa 27 % . 
the best thing for the war effort wa work prison nearli to death on the thailand to burma railroad . 
that railroad wa need if japan wa to attack india as it plan to do . 
the best thing for the effort wa not to wast much food on the prison so short and amazingli wretch food wa the order of the day . 
and just be in the jungl without proper medic aid took it toll . 
in the public mind japan ha never been held as account for war atroc as wa germani . 
filmmak have been retic to tell the stori , perhap for fear of offend the japanes . 
there are compar few film about the japanes pow camp . 
certainli there wa david lean 's the bridg on the river kwai . 
there were some low-budget british exploit film and that wa about it . 
then there were tv seri `` a town like alic `` and `` tenko . `` 
lest the experi be forgotten we have a new film to end all war direct by david cunningham and written by brian godawa . 
it is base on the account of ernest gordan who surviv the horror of that world war ii prison camp and went on to becom for 26 year the dean of the chapel at princeton univers . 
the film while realist show the condit in the camp as be consider more brutal and sadist than bridg on the river kwai portray them . 
the stori open with six or so soldier be march into the prison camp onli to be immedi place in front of a fire squad . 
it turn out to be a grim joke , one of mani that the sadist japanes play to amus themselv . 
beat and tortur are commonplac event . 
men alreadi imprison tell the new arriv to enjoy the last of their health ; it will not last long with parasit and diseas almost inevit . 
howev , unlik as in kwai , the prison want to avoid go to the hospit , call by the prison the death hous . 
so goe a war within a war with the prison tri to maintain their human and with the japanes tri to make them interchang and highli expend cog in a rail-lay machin . 
thi is more than just a battl of who will win the war but a battl of ideolog . 
the japanes believ that the individu is noth , that conform to group 's norm is all that give a life mean . 
conform is purpos . 
befor the film is over there will be some surpris revel about the charact of the prison and the charact of those run the camp . 
if thi stori show noth but sadism from the japanes it would be one kind of stori . 
if the british ( with one american , by the way ) and the japanes learn to respect each other it would be anoth kind of stori . 
it is neither . 
it is a stir and believ account of camp life . 
the color ha been distort in the film to give a wash out yellow . 
thi serv a doubl purpos for cunningham . 
it give an effect of technicolor film that ha been left in heat . 
it also creat a distanc effect . 
the onli touch that seem a littl out of place is the use of gaelic music . 
thi is a power and philosoph view of the prison camp experi . 
i rate it a 9 on the 0 to 10 scale and a +3 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
