let me first say that the condit that i wa forc to watch the matrix under were less than ideal . 
so i have tri to be as fair as possibl consid that my view experi wa significantli less than ideal . 
i watch the matrix in a theater that is in seriou need of upgrad at the best of time . 
under no circumst , should it have ever been allow to show a big budget special effect laden film like the matrix . 
thi theater , own by the parent compani of one of hollywood 's biggest studio , ha n't even graduat into stereo sound yet . 
the mono sound that the audienc wa subject to sound as if it wa come out of a speaker that wa mani year past mandatori retir age . 
in other word , the sound suck . 
as someon use to digit sound in a movi theater , bad sound doe n't do anyth to add to a film . 
i 'm not even go to go into the horribl splice job that the projectionist did put thi film togeth . 
there , i 've had my rant , now on with the regularli schedul review . 
which sadli wo n't includ commentari on the film 's sound which i 'm assum wa spectacular , but i 'm just guess . 
my guess on the sound seem like a fairli solid one consid the visual qualiti of the matrix . 
it is noth short of stun visual . 
sadli , the rest of the film , while pretti good , doe n't quit measur up to the obviou effort that wa expend on make thi film look so darn good . 
the matrix ha at it 's core a good concept , although it stray into the confus side more often than i would have like . 
keanu reev play a comput hacker who is drawn into the frighten realiz that realiti is just a hoax . 
it turn out that that mani year ago the world wa devast by some sort of disast . 
now machin run the planet and human spend their live in a sort of incub , plug into a comput network . 
the comput are gener a virtual realiti world which is a represent of the earth befor it wa destroy . 
the popul of the planet never realiz that their entir life is a hoax and that they realli spend their entir live as comatos . 
that is except a small band who have discov thi horribl secret and have escap their virtual prison . 
they now spend their live combat the comput in an effort to expos thi lie . 
reev 's charact , neo , is recruit by thi band of rebel led by morpheu ( laurenc fishburn ) . 
newcom carrie-ann moss and one of hollywood 's most underr actor , joe pantoliano , join fishburn in the band of freedom-fight . 
the action sequenc are noth short of spectacular . 
thi can be attribut as much to the amaz special effect as to mani of the actor 's extens pre-product train in martial art . 
thi lend itself to some of the best martial art sequenc that you are ever like to see in a film . 
when you add thi to some of the wild effect in the comput gener world , it all add up to an eye . 
as i alreadi said , the visual far outpac the rest of the film . 
act in the matrix is not bad , but it certainli is n't real good either . 
keanu reev give hi usual fairli emotionless perform . 
although to hi credit , it is one of hi better perform . 
laurenc fishburn on the other hand often seem to forget that he wa in a sci-fi action film . 
more than a few time he deliv hi line as if he thought he wa perform in some sort of shakespearean drama . 
joe pantoliano wa a littl under use in thi film but he made the most with what he had . 
carrie-ann moss turn out a surprisingli good perform for thi her first featur film role . 
it 's nice to see that she wa cast as much for her talent as for her breathtak look . 
you have to give all of the main actor a healthi dose of credit for the work that they obvious put into the physic train for their role in thi film . 
it wa clear that no small effort went into get the move down perfectli for the fight sequenc . 
i also put much of the blame for the somewhat strain perform in the matrix on the dialogu , which wa terribl at time . 
in more than a few place it got way too existenti for my like and at other time it wa just plain weird . 
it almost seem as though the writer were have a difficult time tri to figur out how to explain the concept for the movi . 
so they decid to make the dialogu as obtus as possibl so that no one could figur out what the heck they were talk about . 
therebi cover up ani leap of faith that they may have had to make in the depart of logic and believ . 
my other major complaint with the matrix wa with the veri unsatisfi end . 
the setup for it wa hokey and frankli use in mani a bad film befor . 
the end itself wa just plain strang . 
the main reason to recommend the matrix are the visual effect and comput anim which make thi a real treat to watch . 
while the rest of the film ( act , dialogu and to a degre plot ) detract from the high product valu , they do n't detract enough to prevent me from recommend the matrix as a fun way to spend an even . 
