let me start off by say that lead up to the releas of the latest bond film , i realli wa n't look forward to it as much as i have with some of the previou film . 
i 'm not sure if it wa the fairli lacklust trailer or the ever-pres dread that the next film will fall back into the miser way of the timothi dalton year . 
i 'm happi to report that ani doubt were eras after about the first 10 minut of the film . 
by that point , it wa evid that mr . bond wa back with a vengeanc . 
all doubt would have probabl been eras sooner except for the fact that the first ten minut of the film were n't exactli a pleasant experi . 
it seem that nobodi told the genius work at the theater that the hous light are suppos to be turn off when the movi start . 
it took a remind from an audienc member to clue them in . 
i guess they can be excus though , take ticket and clean up popcorn between show is extrem tax on the brain . 
anyway , after somebodi rememb what the light switch wa for , i settl in for bond . 
i think the most notic aspect of thi , the 19th film in the seri , is that it realli goe back to the almost tongu in cheek style of the roger moor film . 
there were probabl more one-lin in thi movi than in the last sever combin . 
and bond 's last one-lin in the film is about the best of the seri . 
the world is not enough also contain perhap the most action of ani movi of the seri . 
everyth from wild boat chase to the usual assort of cool bond gadget trot out just when there seem to be no way out for 007 . 
for the most part , the action sequenc work veri well . 
although , there were a coupl of time that i thought some thing were a bit over the top , even for a bond film . 
i think some of the blame can be laid at the feet of director michael apt . 
while he did a good job for the most part , there were point in the movi , specif dure action sequenc , that he seem to loos site of the fact that he wa make essenti an action film . 
most notic sequenc on a snow cover mountain and one involv bond get through a close door look like apt thought he wa film some sort of high brow art movi . 
he almost seem like he did n't know what he wa do . 
but they were brief scene and realli should n't take away from the otherwis solid job that apt did in direct . 
if you have ever seen a bond film , you wo n't be shock to learn that plot ha never been their strong suit . 
the world is not enough is no except . 
thi time we have yet anoth over villain that bond ha to stop for the good of the world . 
007 match wit with the terrorist renard ( robert carlyl ) , a man who ha a bullet lodg in hi brain that make him impervi to pain . 
whi thi point is includ is beyond me . 
they took great pain to explain hi condit , but it onli came up later in the movi as a scene that can onli be describ as look like an afterthought . 
anyway , renard , like the typic terrorist that he is , is bent on some harebrain scheme involv a mid-east oil pipelin . 
i guess world domin just is n't as attract to terrorist as a money make ventur anymor . 
bond is brought in to protect the pipelin 's owner , elektra king ( sophi marceau ) , who is the daughter of one of renard 's recent victim . 
along the way , bond ha to enlist the help of a nuclear scientist , dr . christma jone ( denis richard ) , and hi old rival valentin zukovski ( robert carlyl ) . 
like all bond film , you basic just have to suspend disbelief over the plot , sinc it is ridicul beyond word . 
my biggest complaint would be that it wa about the most disjoint of ani of the bond film . 
there wa at least one point that i had to stop and tri to rememb whi bond wa where he wa and whi he wa do what he wa do . 
the buddi that i saw the movi with wa complet confus over an earlier kidnap of marceau 's charact . 
it wa allud to earlier in the movi briefli -- although not includ in the film . 
later , it becam a big part of the stori and left him with the distinct feel that he had miss someth . 
but becaus it is a bond film , the beauti women and nifti gadget seem to make you forget about script problem quit quickli . 
after all , it is n't shakespear . 
how about the cast ? 
brosnan seem to get better with each of hi appear as 007 . 
i grew up with the roger moor version of bond , so i realli enjoy the lighter style that brosnan bring to the charact . 
judi dench , as m , had a bigger role in thi film than in her two previou appear in the role . 
she brought the talent with her that one would expect from an oscar winner . 
robbi coltran wa easili one of the best part in goldeney , so it wa nice to see hi russian mobster charact reviv in thi movi . 
coltran get more screen time , which simpli lead to him steal even more scene . 
then there are the bond girl . 
sophi marceau might be one of the most beauti actress work today . 
there is just someth about her breathtak eye that make her a natur to play the innoc victim . 
those that saw her in braveheart know she is more than just a pretti face . 
marceau may be the most talent actress to ever play a bond love interest . 
then we have denis richard . 
there wa no doubt in my mind that she wa cast exclus for her look . 
and after you see the outfit she wear , you wo n't have ani troubl guess what part of her anatomi caught the produc 's eye . 
i wa pleasantli surpris to find that she realli did a good job play a nuclear scientist . 
admittedli , there wa one point that the audienc snicker a bit at one of her technic line of dialogu , but other than that she stack up ( no pun intend ) to her bond girl predecessor nice . 
i must say that the biggest disappoint wa robert carlyl 's charact . 
while carlyl did a fine job with the materi that he had , hi charact just never work for me . 
the produc tri veri hard to add more complex to hi charact , but it just never quit got off the ground . 
i guess i wa hope for a bit more regard the whole impervi to pain aspect of hi charact , but the writer decid to play up the emot side of hi charact . 
thi might have work well in anoth movi , but i do n't go to see bond movi for their deep character . 
last , but not least , we have desmond llewelyn as q . thi is the 17th appear for llewelyn as bond 's gadget guy , and he is as good as ever . 
although hi screen time ha grown far more limit in the past few film , he is still a treat to watch . 
rumor abound that thi may be hi last appear in the role . 
he say futur appear are up to a higher power . 
the produc have introduc hi proteg and futur replac , a bumbl and somewhat pompou charact play by comedi master john clees . 
while we do n't see much of him in thi film , i think it is fair to say that desmond llewelyn 's legaci , whenev it is pass on , will be in veri capabl hand . 
so how doe it stack up ? 
despit some problem , the world is not enough is a veri entertain movi . 
and , all thing consid , what problem it doe have are small compar to some that have plagu earlier bond movi . 
thi is easili the best of the brosnan film . 
it may even be the best of the entir seri , certainli in the top 3 . 
one thing is for sure , even after 19 movi , there is still plenti of life left in the jame bond seri . 
here 's look forward to bond number 20 . 
