playwright tom stoppard and screenwrit marc norman took on an astonishingli difficult task : they want to write a script about william shakespear that parallel shakespear 's work . 
they also want to poke fun at the way all of us envis shakespear : i mean , realli , who doe n't think of shakespear as a guy seeth with so much passion that he can bare write a play without explod into a passion , introspect verbal couplet of iambic pentamet ? 
stoppard and norman are men who love shakespear , and they want to make a movi for everyon els who love shakespear . 
and , despit the difficulti of their task , they have succeed . 
shakespear in love is one of the smartest , funniest , most touch film of the year . 
it 's so rare that a pictur with such high aspir succe in all of it endeavor , but here we have a movi that defin success : it is at onc charmingli act and flawlessli written . 
it could have been a smug , self-import movi that pander to die-hard shakespear fan , but the appeal of thi film is almost univers : if you 've ever read a play by shakespear , or know anyth about hi life , it 's like that you 'll find grand entertain in shakespear in love . 
joseph fienn , brother of ralph , star as shakespear himself ; he 's a delight , irresist lad , concern mostli with women and detach from life 's more seriou problem ( debt , plagu , etc . ) . 
he 's commiss to write play for variou peopl : queen elizabeth ( judi dench ) want comedi , while local slimebal philip henslow ( geoffrey rush ) need him to write a play so that he can pay off hi debt to hugh fennymann ( tom wilkinson ) . 
shakespear , howev , ha troubl focus on hi work . 
he begin work on a comedi about a boy name romeo and a girl name ethel . 
thi all chang , howev , when he meet viola de lessep ( a radiant gwyneth paltrow ) , a young heiress set to marri the financially-ori lord wessex ( colin firth ) . 
shakespear instantli fall in love with her ; he first meet her when she pretend to be a man to tri out for the part of romeo . 
he discov her ident and confront her later ; she , of cours , fall in love with him , although their love is doom becaus she absolut must marri the tyrann lord wessex . 
but she continu to act becaus she love shakespear 's write so much , and soon the product ( which later becom romeo and juliet ) is set to be perform . 
shakespear in love is an amazingli good film , not becaus it work as great entertain , but becaus it pay attent to detail and know it subject matter . 
i wa instantli won over by joseph fienn in the lead role : he ha such sear optim and energi ; he 's clearli a man who admir shakespear , and even in the shortcom that he give hi charact ( inabl to turn away from women , attent deficit disord ) , we sens a great deal of affect and care . 
he practic overflow with passion in everi scene . 
fienn is match by paltrow ( whose english accent is so good that wonder where she actual come from ) ; she is an actress who exud strength and convict in everi perform i 've seen her in . 
the two perform work perfectli togeth , take the passion scene as far as possibl without make them melodramat , and wring the comed scene for everi conceiv laugh . 
of cours , it doe n't hurt that they have a master script to work with . 
stoppard , whose play rozencrantz and guildenstern are dead inspir an interest film , is full of dri wit and boundless underst humor ( all of hi play have similarli dri humor ) . 
the first intellig step stoppard and norman took wa harmon the event of the film with romeo and juliet . 
one of the funniest scene in the film is an imit of the famou terrac scene from the play ; in the movi , shakespear is bumbl about while viola is tri to fend off her nurs maid . 
director john madden doe a fantast job dabbl in slapstick humor -- scene like these would have seem obtus in the hand of a lesser director . 
i 'm go to have to see the movi again ; i 'm certain there are numer refer that i miss . 
in fact , i doubt it 's possibl to gather everyth with just one view . 
stoppard is a master of detail : you 'll notic familiar line place throughout the film , not as line of a play , but as dialogu , suggest that shakespear simpli spoke like that all the time . 
there 's also a brilliant run joke in which shakespear is in constant competit with christoph marlow ( and the fact that marlow is play by the openly-homosexu rupert everett is a joke in of itself ) , propos a slightli twist explan to marlow 's mysteri death in a pub . 
there 's also a scene featur a wide-ey dog that is so funni that i hurt myself laugh . 
`` there 's no dog in thi play ? `` 
`` no ! 
no dog ! `` 
the ensembl cast is perhap the strongest thi year . 
geoffrey rush is nearli unrecogniz as the detest henslow ; wilkinson is also hard to recogn , but ha a great role as a thug who take hi part as the apothecari so serious . 
ben affleck , play one of the actor in the compani , show great rang , both in hi accent ( hi is almost as good as paltrow 's ) and in humor ( he ha some of the best one-lin in the movi ) . 
colin firth , alway stuck play the sap , doe a good job be hate . 
judi dench , howev , ha the best support perform as queen elizabeth : rare ha so much depth been convey in so few word . 
my singl , minor complaint about shakespear in love is that i feel like i could have been more move by the end . 
the stori is move , but there are a few miss opportun in the final scene . 
but my quibbl is not import . 
what is import is that i acknowledg the qualiti of thi pictur , the sheer skill with which it ha been written , act , and produc . 
shakespear in love tri so mani thing , and nail everi one of them : it 's a film that both love shakespear and make fun of him , a film in which the actor , writer , and director are all perfectli in sync . 
it 's also a movi that ha the potenti to introduc a lot of peopl to shakespear 's work in a posit way , without seem condescend or superior . 
i admir thi film not onli becaus it pass so pleasantli , but becaus it ha lofti aspir and succe in them . 
not just ani film can poke fun at shakespear and get away with it . 
