after indec propos and up close and person , redford wa wise to direct himself in a pictur at last . 
redford may look great on-screen , but over the past few year , he 's proven himself a bigger talent behind the camera . 
ordinari peopl is one of the best film of the nineteen-eighti , and it wa the first pictur he helm . 
while the milagro beanfield war wa onli occasion success at combin magic-r with . . . um , 
realism , and i 've never been much of a fan of a river run through it ( to the chagrin of mani ) , quiz show wa dazzl , energet and convinc . 
the hors whisper repres both hi directori return to natur film and the first time in that sub-genr redford seem equal concern with human and sceneri . 
scott-thoma play anni maclean , an uptight but respect new york magazin editor whose daughter grace ( johanssen ) lose a leg and a good friend when an earli morn ride climax with their hors collid with a semi . 
grace 's hors surviv , but bare , and ha gone mad . 
anni refus to put the anim out of hi miseri , believ that if the hors heal it will mend grace 's newly-broken spirit . 
eventu , mother and daughter travel alon to montana to be with tom booker ( redford ) , a fame `` hors whisper `` who ha a gift of calm hors with simpl look and touch , leav busi husband neill behind . 
eventu , they move onto the booker ranch with the rest of tom 's famili , and anni find herself fall in love with all thing montana , includ , natur , tom , the wise and lone trainer . 
the hors whisper is delic made . 
i dare say lyric , sinc to mani peopl 's ear , that word is synonym with bore . 
hardli . 
the hors whisper ha littl to offer in the way of surpris , but it doe have an honesti that is refresh and consist enjoy to watch , especi in the final third of the stori . 
scott-thoma and johanssen seem like mother and daughter , and you have no doubt believ that the mountain vista would put these new yorker under a spell , especi sinc d . p . 
robert richardson 's photographi cast montana as heaven on earth . 
( a gimmicki but effect techniqu the filmmak employ is a switch in aspect ratio from squarish to widescreen when the central locat shift from new york to montana . ) 
the underr sam neill turn in perhap hi most heartfelt , emot perform as the nice-guy husband , who is as authorit and likeabl as tom . 
he is inde a refresh chang from the sexist , lout of a husband so mani writer resort to as a short-cut for explain away the cheat spous 's motiv . 
unfortun , one of the hors whisper 's onli flaw is the chemistri between would-b lover scott-thoma and redford . 
i like both of them , but i did n't necessarili believ that redford would fall for such a cold fish , even if the countrysid air thaw her slightli . 
luckili ( and curious ) , thi is such a rich and textur movi that it doe n't quit matter-their adulteri seem like an afterthought , the obligatori sub-plot that tie mani of the charact ' complex relationship togeth . 
