vannesa kensington : ` austin , do you smoke after sex ? ' austin power : ` i do n't know babi , i 've never look ! ' 
and so begin our journey into the most anticip sequel of the summer season . 
austin power 2 , the sequel to the sleeper hit of 1997 , is fill to the brim with uproari sight gag and lurid toilet joke that will make you keel over with hilar . 
the mind of mike myer is obvious a veri bizarr place . 
myer return as the swing 60 's spi and hi arch-nemesi , the bald head dr . evil , who is given much of the spotlight here . 
there 's an earli scene in which dr . evil and hi son scott ( seth green ) appear on a jerri springer segment entitl ` my dad is evil and want to take over the world ' , host by springer himself . 
most of these talk-show gag , spoof everyth from oprah to regi and kathi lee , are no longer as funni as they onc were . 
happili , thi is an except , especi when a fight break out between dr . evil and the other guest . 
( sampl dialogue- ` come back here you mother # @ % $ ^ ! ! 
you want a piec of me ? ' ) 
the audienc wa in stitch . 
there are mani good thing about thi sequel . 
dr . evil is now assist by mini-m ( vern troyer ) , a pint-siz clone who is the result of an experi gone awri . 
mini-m is the most perfect new charact that ani fan could ask for , and troyer doe a terrif job of mimick everyth that hi big brother doe , pinki and all . 
mindi sterl return as frau farbissina , evil 's loud-mouth assassin sidekick , and here we are treat to a brief romant liaison between the two in an underground bedroom chamber . 
thi work surprisingli well . 
afterward , there 's even a meet at the coffe machin , where their awkward is express in a scene you would expect in ani normal offic environ . 
oh , ye . . . 
the plot . 
after a short honeymoon with vanessa kensington ( elizabeth hurley ) that goe disastr wrong , power is back on the case to thwart the diabol plan of dr . evil . 
in the origin , the subject of the day wa cryogen freez that enabl the charact to hop between two time period . 
here , it 's time travel . 
dr . evil ha thi crazi plan to steal austin 's mojo ( the sourc of hi sexual power ) , so he jump through a time portal back into 1969 when power is still is hi freez chamber . 
there , he employ a grotesqu 600-pound scottish assassin name fat bastard ( also myer ) to command the mojo , so that our futur hero is left complet shagless . 
meanwhil , austin is inform of evil 's wrong-do by basil exposit ( michael york ) , and is suppli with hi veri own time-travel devic in the form of a volkswagen beetl . 
onc back in 1969 , power meet a foxi cia oper name felic shagwel ( heather graham ) , and learn of dr . evil 's plan to destroy washington dc with a lazer on the moon . 
in one of the mani uproari jab at star war , evil call the moon base a ` death star ' . 
if there ever wa a movi that knew from the start it wa a complet joke , it 's austin power : the spi who shag me . 
ap2 ha mani hilari moment , much more so , than the origin austin power . 
but what it doe n't have is the confid support system that the first boast , and the joke are now more scattershot and hit-and-miss . 
while myer ha a knack for deliv clever , inspir gag , he sometim doe n't know when to call it quit . 
the hilari scene in the origin involv mustafa ( will ferrel ) and hi refus to die is play out here in a disappoint and tire manner . 
robert wagner , as dr . evil 's # 2 man , ha onli one scene earli on in the film , where he lack all the focu of the charact . 
one nice surpris is rob low , as the young # 2 , who pattern wagner 's voic and movement right down to a tee . 
there are more recycl joke from the predecessor , includ kristen johnston as ivana humpalot ( an unfunni rendit of alotta fagina ) . 
but myer ha clearli put so much dedic into thi project , and mani bit are side-splittingli funni . 
do n't miss an extend visual gag in a tent , where the shadow leav much to the imagin . . . . 
of the new charact , graham doe n't leav much of an impress . 
her perform is mere okay , and she lack the gung-ho enthusiasm that made elizabeth hurley so enjoy befor her . 
and as for fat bastard . . . 
well , he provid one or two hilari moment , but all of the obes joke and bathroom talk go too far . 
but my most sever complaint : mr . bigglesworth wa onli in one scene ! ! 
but , with grit teeth , i manag to get over that . 
thi sequel will not leav fan disappoint ; it 's more often than not a laugh riot . 
and , i look optimist to the futur , where i forese more instal to the austin power collect . 
if myer can up the quota of fresh idea , we should be in store for much more . 
( c ) 1999 , jamey hughton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
jamey hughton ( 15 ) ha written a weekli column in the starphoenix , saskatoon , sk sinc novemb , 1997 . 
he wa a 1999 write finalist in the canadian ytv achiev award . 
