go 's is a glorious slick hip machin . 
director liman ( who also photograph go ) and screenwrit august celebr the drug/rav scene in l . a . , prefer to take ( comed ) snapshot of troubl youth rather than critiqu them . 
after more than nineti minut of pill-pop , tantric sex , car chase , and attempt murder , go even ha a happi end . 
thi is the sort of film that give member of the dove foundat split headach ; as go wound down , i anticip an anti-pill-popping-casual-tantric-sex-car-chase-attempted-murd sermon that ( blessedli ) did n't arriv . 
a la tarantino 's pulp fiction , go is compris of three separ but relat stori . 
the basic are as follow : ronna ( polley ) is a bitter groceri store clerk face evict who turn to drug deal for extra dough . 
her co-work , simon ( the improb name askew ) , is a clubber from britain ecstat about hi first trip to vega . 
zack ( mohr ) and adam ( wolf ) are soap opera star escap a career-threaten convict by assist a peculiar cop ( fichtner ) in a drug bust . 
perhap becaus the innov structur of tarantino 's non-linear masterwork is by now old hat , the id-fuel go delight me but rare surpris me ( with the except of that mind-read cat ! ) ; 
pulp fiction zigzag down road unforeseen , but we see go 's wheel turn from it first flash frame to the last . 
torontonian polley ( of the sweet hereaft ) refus to do public for thi pictur on the basi that she wa `` not pleas with `` her turn as the ill-fat cashier . 
in go , she deliv , hands-down , her best perform to date . 
here 's an ( overr ) actress who agre to appear on the poster , but not support her team at the junket or in interview ; thi sort of arrog is commonplac for ms . polley , as anyon who ha read of her polit agenda in the canadian press will tell you . 
if she doe n't want to be the ingenu of the moment , she should have said `` no , `` not go . 
but i digress . 
go is a fun film , so chipperli deprav one ca n't help but turn off hi moral judgment for it durat and enjoy the ride . 
in that sens , it 's a departur from liman 's last film , swinger , which at least lectur against self-absorpt in the form of vinc vaughan 's trent and hi subtl comeupp in the stori 's clever epilogu ( which ha been ape by mcdonald 's for their latest commerci ) . 
i wish i care more about go 's charact : like the techno music they listen to , the band of anarchist on display here are at onc absorb and vacuou . 
when the light came up and stung my eye , it wa difficult to recal what about it entertain me . 
yet entertain me it did . 
go is light and frothi , featur compel if not endear work by polley , timothi olyph ( scream 2 ) , and especi fichtner , whose homoerot behavior is milk for effect laugh . 
fichtner is a charact actor best known for play backstabb ( in heat , armageddon , and other ) ; hi previous untap comic abil shine in go . 
unlik much of the film , fichtner is unpredict . 
