onc again , the battl is dreamwork versu disney : earlier thi year , the mammoth compani fought to the death with their end-of-the-world asteroid flick , deep impact and armageddon . 
here we are now , just a few month later , and they 're at it again with duel bug movi , antz and a bug 's life . 
what i find so astonish is that both pair of movi are so inher similar in both stori and execut . 
i mean , come on -- what were the chanc of two studio both decid to bring out computer-anim film about bug ? 
as wa the case with the meteor movi , disney ha come out on top : though antz is a likabl movi , a bug 's life is far superior . 
in fact , thi movi made me realiz what wa wrong with antz : i becam immers in the world of a bug 's life , while antz just made me scrutin everyth . 
but it 's not realli fair to base an entir review on a comparison . 
a bug 's life is a remark film in it own right , and deserv to be seen apart from ani other computer-anim film about bug . 
in fact , it 's one of the best film thi year : it 's smart , subtl , and funni , but it 's also perfect famili entertain and relentlessli entertain . 
i have n't had such a good time at the movi in month . 
it tell the stori of an ant name flick ( voic by dave foley ) ; he 's a nice guy , but he 's also a troublemak . 
the ant spend all season put togeth the offer , a big pile of food that they provid for the grasshopp . 
just befor the grasshopp come , flick accident knock over the offer , and ruin everyth for the entir coloni : the grasshopp 's leader , hopper ( kevin spacey ) , is enrag , and tell them that the ant need twice the food by the end of summer , or they 're all dead . 
flick , feel respons for thi , set off to look for help -- he realiz that the onli way to be rid of the grasshopp is to fight them . 
he head to the citi ( the citi be a hous a few mile away ) , where he find a color bunch of circu bug : a ladybug ( deni leari , who is spectacular ) , a black widow ( bonni hunt ) , a caterpillar ( joe ranft ) , a butterfli ( madelin kahn ) , a rhinocero beetl ( michael mcshane ) , and a stick ( david hyde-pierc , also give a hilari perform ) . 
flick doe n't know they 're actor , and they do n't know that flick need them to kill a bunch of grasshopp , so they return to the coloni with flick and find themselv in an unusu posit . 
the most obviou element of a bug 's life is the qualiti of anim . 
creat by pixar , the same peopl who brought us toy stori , a bug 's life ha some of the most amaz visual i 've ever seen . 
the bug seem to inhabit a three-dimension space , and occasion there will be a shot that is indistinguish from live action . 
thi is a lush , color world , full of life and imagin : the way the anim insert the thing all of us see in our daili live ( match , bottlecap , tin can , etc . ) and make them activ object in the bug ' world is innov . 
the film is also mercilessli excit , particularli in a superbly-stag scene involv our hero ' escap from a bird ( a littl bird never seem so huge and threaten ) . 
but the maker of a bug 's life know where the import lie : stori and charact . 
flick , with solid voic work from foley , is a great guy to lead the stori . 
but the real treat come with the circu bug ; they 're such a likabl group of charact -- the standout are the stick ( hyde-pierc is so good ) , franci the ladybug , and the big fat caterpillar . 
all of these bug have more than a token person , which make the suspens scene work becaus we care about the bug , and it also keep the tear-jerk scene from seem obligatori . 
in my review of antz , i said that the film is a clever cop-out becaus it present a bunch of littl human react to an ant-lik exist . 
in concept , a bug 's life is basic the same movi , except that i wa never given enough time to find thing that i did n't like about it . 
with such strong work in both anim and script , a bug 's life is noth but a joy to sit through . 
it realli is too bad that it had to come out so close to that other bug movi , but a bug 's life is so good that i 'm sure it will find it audienc . 
after a slew of endlessli violent and cynic movi , it 's downright refresh to sit through an innoc pictur like thi and laugh without feel guilti . 
