devote of robert a . heinlein , be forewarn : paul verhoeven 's starship trooper is less an adapt of heinlein 's novel than it is a literari satir . 
the author 's jingo-all-the-way militar and hi tendenc to creat plastic charact with plastic conflict had me expect a soulless , faceless parad of carnag from the film version . 
and i suppos that 's exactli what verhoeven deliv , with sometim hilari result . 
heinlein 's basic motif are so faith render that their flaw becom a sourc of amus , while their strength becom the stuff of high-energi entertain . 
outlin the plot of starship trooper is a fairli silli endeavor , sinc it 's basic a big bug hunt . . . alien in broad daylight . 
sometim in the futur , human is threaten by giant , malevol insect which have evolv into twenty-foot-tal action figur ( arachnid with super-imp spike , beetl that spew forth lava , dragonfli with guillotin leg ) . 
among those who sign on to save the earth are a group of high school classmat from bueno air : conflict rich kid johnni rico ( casper van dien ) ; hi math whiz girlfriend carmen ( denis richard ) ; dizzi ( dina meyer ) , who secretli carri a torch for johnni ; and carl ( neil patrick `` doogi howser `` harri ) , who not-so-secretli carri a torch for dizzi , and also ha a talent for speak telepath to ferret . 
while carmen head for flight school and carl join militari intellig , johnni and dizzi becom mobil infantri , their variou battl intertwin with romant sub-plot out of a third season episod from `` beverli hill 90210 . `` 
so if starship trooper is anoth movi where one-dimension charact wade through trite situat on their way to kill a bunch of alien , what make it ani better than , say , independ day , a movi where one-dimension charact wade through trite situat on their way to kill a bunch of slightli differ alien ? 
for one thing , you sens that the film-mak are awar of the pulp nonsens they have as sourc materi . 
the veri absenc of major star in the cast feel themat appropri , not just fiscal prudent . 
if starship trooper had been turn into a tv-movi , aaron spell would have produc it . 
it 's a stori which requir emot , not act ; it 's a prime time soap opera with big gun , play for all the dopey melodrama it 's worth . 
the no-nam cast also play into verhoeven 's treatment of heinlein 's most controversi conceit . 
in thi societi , we learn , one can onli be a full citizen after complet some sort of feder servic , militari for most . 
verhoeven pay the notion plenti of lip servic , then proce to skewer it with brilliant mock recruit ad ( name after the world war ii-era `` whi we fight `` seri ) in which youngster are indoctrin into the joy of firearm , or the pleasur of stomp cockroach . 
these charact realli are just `` fresh meat for the grinder , `` as one charact put it , which make their lack of familiar all the more fit . 
it 's not that starship trooper is anti-militari , becaus it never treat the true horror of war as anyth but a great big , violent video game . 
in fact , the charact are live the propaganda ( particularli johnni , who receiv so mani field promot he may not rememb hi own rank by the time the film end ) . 
verhoeven is actual have it both way -- he 's make fun of gung-ho booster even as he fire hi fresh-fac recruit into battl on a gung-ho booster rocket of visual effect . 
if that make starship trooper hypocrit , at least it 's enthusiast stage hypocrisi . 
there may not be a person worth care about in the whole film , but it move like nobodi 's busi . 
verhoeven stage some thrill action sequenc , send swarm of bug after the anonym grunt then have variou bodi part strewn about the screen like landscap . 
it is that rare special effect blockbust which demonstr a sens of pace to match it budget ; i wa caught up in the action enough of the time that i wa n't perpetu groan over the absenc of real human be . 
i wish i could find it in myself to work up more outrag over the callou way human are dispatch in starship trooper , but it did n't work out that way . 
that would be punish verhoeven for get to the heart of hi materi . 
