everi onc in a while you see a film that is so effect in deliv the good that it is easi to forget , and forgiv , it glare imperfect . 
such is the case with ? good will hunt ? , a subtl charact studi about a social inept mathemat geniu who struggl to find hi path in life . 
despit some seriou charact problem , thi is still a veri good film . 
you probabl know about the plot so i ? ll make it quick . 
will hunt ( damon ) is a janitor at m . i . t . , he ? s realli smarter than einstein but nobodi know it . 
he like to go out with hi friend chucki ( affleck ) and their other working-class buddi and drink beer . 
he ? s good-look , charismat , and witti but ha a terribl time with author and stiff colleg folk . 
after get into a tiff with the law , a distinguish professor ( skarsg ? rd ) discov will ? s geniu and offer him a chanc to clean up hi record and avoid jail time , at a price : he must attend weekli session with a therapist and work on variou mathemat problem ( that have stump the academ elit ) with the professor . 
after outsmart and scare the hell out of a coupl of differ psychologist he meet hi match when hook up with a once-promis therapist name sean maguir ( william ) who ha hi own problem . 
in the meantim will meet a british medic school student ( driver ) and they begin to fall in love . 
the stori start out well enough and is a pretti origin basi for a film . 
even though we ? ve seen movi about misunderstood , errat prodigi befor ( ? shine ? ring a bell ? ) , the script here creat a complex narr that doesn ? t just focu sole on one charact . 
ala though , thi is not a perfect film , as much as you feel like it could ? ve been while watch it . 
the one real problem i had with it is the unrealist natur of the main charact . 
is it possibl for a lowli janitor to be thi intellig ? 
of cours . 
is it possibl for him to be estrang from ani deep , human relationship ? 
usual , ye . 
but , is it possibl for him to also be so handsom , funni , quick with the tongu , and city-street tough ? 
not veri like . 
come on , usual these guy are total nerd who can ? t even buy their own shirt , much less talk down a harvard student in a hip pub while pick up phone number from pretti med . -school 
girl . 
will is just a littl too perfect , and in order to accept the charact your disbelief suspens need to be in excel work condit . 
the heavy-hand , anti-war statement made by will at a govern job interview late in the film is also boorish , overlong , pompou , and complet unnecessari . 
all thi sound pretti bad , but the film somehow make up for it in other way . 
damon ? s act overshadow the fact that the charact is slightli unbeliev , hi perform is truli extraordinari . 
which lead me to the realli good part of the review . 
the strength of thi movi can be sum up in one singl word : act . 
i can ? t recal see a film recent that wa so well-act from top to bottom . 
from minni driver ? s frustrat lover to ben affleck ? s laid-back best friend , and all the small role in between , the perform are magnific . 
robin william ? skill is a given as a bereav psychologist who could ? ve had a legendari career but wa knock off the path somewher down the line . 
the real gem though is stellan skarsg ? rd ? s turn as professor lambeau , an award-win mathematician who feel reduc in comparison to a younger , smarter will hunt . 
the scene between william and skarsg ? rd , as two old colleg pal who ? ve been brought back togeth by thi enigmat kid , display some of the best act i ? ve ever seen . 
when i say deliv the good , thi is what i ? m talk about . 
watch these two work is what go to see movi is all about . 
gu van sant ? s ( to die for , drugstor cowboy ) cold , urban direct is right on , as well as danni elfman ? s saunter music score . 
i highli recommend ? good will hunt ? . 
despit it fault , it is still an intrigu and fascin film and you are not like to see a better act one thi year . 
