film adapt of hunter s . thompson 's infam semi-autobiograph hallucinogen-fuel book of the same titl . 
director terri gilliam of twelv monkey ( 8/10 ) and brazil ( 7/10 ) fame , took over the helm of thi project after fellow director alex cox ( sid and nanci ( 7 . 5/10 ) ) 
`` appar alien everyon associ with the movi `` , accord to gilliam . 
plot : writer thompson ( depp ) head down to la vega with hi attorney dr . gonzo ( del toro ) to cover a motorcycl race . 
dure their trip , they systemat consum `` two bag of grass , seventy-f pellet of mescalin , five sheet of high power blotter acid , a salt shaker half-ful of cocain , a whole galaxi of multi-color upper , downer , screamer , laugher , a quart of tequila , a quart of rum , a case of beer , a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyl . 
the movi present us with the result of that heavi drug use . 
critiqu : i have given thi movi two separ rate becaus i believ that the enjoy of thi psychedel pictur is highli correl with the amount of drug or alcohol that would be float around in the viewer 's own mind , whilst inhal thi cinemat vision of excess . 
if you are prepar to get high or intox befor watch thi film , i would say that thi is one pictur that you will thoroughli enjoy on a multitud of color level . 
if , on the other hand , you decid to stray from the addit of nefari element to your system , i could not imagin you truli appreci much of thi drug-induc pictur 's entir ride ( 5 . 5/10 for all those sober dog ) . 
note : i have not read thompson 's book . 
have said that , joblo did engag in an alcohol-bas consumatori session befor ( and dure ) the view of thi film , so hi critiqu of the film should be appreci on that level . 
thi movi reli heavili on style and peculiar humour , rather than substanc or plot . 
it move admir from one scene to the next , without much basi of their be , while present us with the two day in the life of writer hunter s . thompson dure which he seem to consum more drug and alcohol than anyon could ever imagin . 
it wa 1971 , and the time were appar `` a ' chang `` in the state . 
johnni depp chew into hi role like an overgrown child suck on a chocol lollipop . 
dure the film , depp appar becom fast friend with real-lif writer thompson , and wa known to wander off the set from time to time , for the sake of check out the newest barmaid at the local water hole . 
i thought he did seem to exagger hi walk a littl bit too much , but then again , thi movi is suppos to be a wild exagger of everyth and anyth , so who am i to talk . 
the one thing that did blow my mind wa the actual physic transform endur by actor benicio del toro for hi role as dr . gonzo . 
i could n't believ that thi fat , samoan lawyer , wa the same guy who play the slick mumbl crimin in the usual suspect ( 7 . 5/10 ) . 
word on the street is that gain over 40 pound for thi role , and i must say that hi look wa delici reprehens . 
plenti of cameo also pepper thi kaleidoscop move pictur in the form of ellen barkin , christina ricci , tobey maguir and cameron diaz , along with a bunch of other . 
other than that , the soundtrack wa expectedli eclect , the style wa not as wild as i thought it would be , and the end wa certainli not much of a barn-burn , but then again , who realli notic . 
thi movi is about vision of bat float through your head , johnni depp look goofi and be bald , and the cornucopia of drug-ravag scene fill your own intox system with idea of anarchi , rebellion and the lost american dream . 
and for all those who plan on see thi movi without the partnership of a mean drink or a mighti doobi , i suggest you move further down the aisl , buy yourself a ticket to godzilla ( 6/10 ) , and enjoy the visual fabric manufactur for the unstimul mind . 
littl known fact : depp and del toro snort plenti of powder milk instead of cocain . 
bill murray also portray a thompson-bas charact in the film where the buffalo roam . 
johnni depp turn down role in the three musket , speed ( 7 . 5/10 ) , and legend of the fall ( 7 . 5/10 ) , for smaller and quirkier role in benni and joon ( 6 . 5/10 ) and what 's eat gilbert grape ? 
( 7/10 ) . 
in 1988 , depp told roll stone magazin that he 'd tri everi drug by the age of 14 . 
johnni hung out with some of the member of oasi while film the uncomplet divin raptur in ireland , and later play some slide guitar on the 1997 album , be here now . 
johnni wa born in kentucki , is a high-school dropout , ha nicknam himself `` mr . stench `` , ha been engag to four women until now ( includ actress winona ryder , whose `` winona forev `` tattoo had to be alter to `` wino forev `` after their breakup ) , current play guitar in a band call `` p `` , and own the viper room nightclub in l . a . 
