what is freedom ? 
how doe one determin who is free ? 
in 1839 , those question were more difficult to answer then they are now . 
yet , the mistak of our forefath must be examin in order to rectifi current situat . 
that is , in essenc , what steven spielberg 's grip drama `` amistad `` is about . 
through it variou drama , spielberg present a case about a group of african , who , after be seiz from their home , were forc onto a ship and sent to the unit state aboard `` la amistad `` . 
on their way there , the slave , led by cinqu ( djimon hounsou ) , rebel , kill off part of the crew . 
howev , the ship wa still direct toward the unit state , where the african were brought to trial under murder . 
in the court , variou faction claim ownership of the slave , and therefor tri to seiz them away . 
the unit state govern , led by presid martin van buren ( nigel hawthorn ) , and secretari of state secretari forsyth ( david paymer ) , tri to ship the african to spain , where an 11 year old isabella ii ( anna paquin ) want them back . 
the two spaniard who own `` la amistad `` want the slave for themselv . 
the american ship that found the slave also want them . 
in the midst of thi are two abolitionist ( stellan skaarsgard and morgan freeman ) , who want the slave to be free . 
they enlist the help of lawyer matthew mcconaughey , who tri to free them . 
through variou legal proceed , the case appear befor the suprem court , where it is argu by ex-presid john quinci adam ( anthoni hopkin ) . 
the film itself is a visual wonder . 
spielberg favorit janusz kaminski set the film in a dark , somber mood when appropri , and a visual set when appropri as well . 
at time , the film is veri slow , and veri method . 
howev , spielberg is not at hi finest here , becaus the courtroom scene have a tendenc to lag . 
the film is , in essenc , a courtroom drama , one whose event are oversimplifi . 
the character is also weak , display weak in build up charact such as the lawyer baldwin ( mcconaughey ) , and especi morgan freeman 's abolitionist . 
but spielberg 's finest work in the film , the open scene , a scene of cinqu 's famili , and the brutal voyag of the slave to america , is altogeth stun . 
it is thi emot forc that carri the film . 
mcconaughey is superb as the lawyer defend the african , hopkin is sensat as the old adam , freeman is outstand when use ( spielberg vastli under use hi suprem talent ) , and the rest of the cast is stellar . 
the movi , howev , belong to hounsou . 
hi emot intens is brilliant . 
spielberg manag to make even the slowest scene sparkl with focu on hounsou , and the film 's extraordinari power is simpli captiv . 
the film is flaw , for most of the support charact are mere cardboard . 
but that doe n't matter . 
the stori is a grip one , and one of extrem import . 
kudo to spielberg for find it , find the right men for the job , and let the audienc listen to the word of cinqu . 
a good job all around . 
