ralph fienn is carv out a nice nich for himself in the genr of period piec romanc . 
for hi followup to the academy-belov the english patient , he ha onc again turn to a love stori , thi time direct by accomplish australian film maker gillian armstrong ( littl women ) . 
despit some obviou overplot , oscar and lucinda is a mostli effect and often affect motion pictur that touch our heart while dare our mind to balk at it implaus coincid . 
the film open in the mid-1800 , with parallel storylin in new south wale , australia and devon , england . 
as the help narr voic of geoffrey rush inform us , lucinda leplastri ( cate blanchett ) is a headstrong young woman be rais in the australian outback . 
meanwhil , half the world away , oscar hopkin ( fienn ) ha broken with hi puritan father over religi issu , and ha gone away to school to studi to be an anglican priest . 
lucinda is fascin with glass ; oscar is obsess with theolog . 
lucinda is rich ; oscar is poor . 
lucinda is forward and self-assur ; oscar is timid and uncertain of himself . 
yet one characterist unit these two divers individu -- the compuls to gambl , whether it 's on hors , dog , card , or the flip of a coin . 
and fate ha decre that they will one day meet . 
that day doe n't occur until 45 minut into the film , when oscar board a ship bound for sidney , australia , where he hope to chang hi life and minist to anyon in need of hi help . 
anoth of the passeng is lucinda , who is return from england where she wa shop for machineri to equip her newly-acquir glasswork factori . 
at first , their relationship is that of a reverend and a confessor , but it doe n't take long for both of them to recogn a kindr spirit in the other . 
a friendship is born , and , onc they reach australia , it develop into someth more potent . 
but oscar is uncertain of lucinda 's affect , and feel he must do someth to prove himself worthi of her . 
oscar and lucinda is n't beyond a littl manipul to get the desir emot respons , and there are time when the storylin curv in preposter direct . 
on more than one occas , it 's appar that event are occur specif to funnel the charact into a posit where there is onli one possibl rout . 
coincid is a crucial plot devic ; without it , thi movi ca n't go anywher . 
the voiceov narrat ( never one of my favorit techniqu ) is too verbos and break into the stori at undesir moment . 
( howev , without it , the final twist , which i will not reveal , would not be as poignant . ) 
yet , despit these quibbl , i enjoy oscar and lucinda . 
storylin fault pale in the light of two such finely-r charact . 
themat , the film is also strong . 
the unifi motif -- that everyth in life is a gambl -- is success delin . 
oscar and lucinda do n't just wager their money , they bet their heart , mind , and soul . 
a card game they engag in shortli after they first meet could easili be consid a form of emot `` strip poker `` where defens are peel away to reveal their share , secret passion . 
oscar doe not see gambl as a vice . 
in fact , he believ that the greatest chanc one take in life is bet one 's immort soul on the truth of a religi faith . 
ralph fienn , who normal play strong , confid men , is veri much at home as the fumbl , insecur oscar . 
the actor bring a varieti of nervou tic to the part , all of which subtli add to a vagu sens of discomfort whenev oscar is on-screen . 
as good as fienn is , howev , he is eclips by cate blanchett . 
the actress , who appear earlier thi year as one of the lead in bruce beresford 's paradis road , is mesmer as lucinda . 
she give thi liber woman her flash , and feed the chemistri between the two lead charact so that it sparkl rather than fizzl . 
effect support is provid by ciaran hind ( the male lead in jane austen 's persuas ) as lucinda 's close friend , tom wilkinson ( the full monti ) as oscar 's mentor , and clive russel as a self-serv adventur . 
there 's a real magic in the way armstrong develop the stori , keep thing move in unexpect direct without linger too long on ani one moment or sequenc . 
( in fact , i wish she had devot a littl more time to the lumin middl act , which ha oscar and lucinda togeth . ) 
with the skill of a consumm storytel , she weav romanc , friendship , passion , humor , and tragedi togeth into a complet packag . 
the charact , with all of their human foibl and neuros , are wonder develop by fienn and blanchett . 
so who care if the storylin is a littl ripe and unwieldi ? 
oscar and lucinda still offer abund pleasur to reward the viewer . 
