when a someon journey to the theater to see a comedi , he alway risk have to sit through inan such as what we recent saw in film like edtv and offic space . 
it realli is too bad that comedi are so hit- and-miss , becaus when a moviego goe in a theater expect to be amus , it realli is a shame when the alleg comedi fail to deliv . 
but weep not , dear reader , becaus the latest comedi out of the hollywood movi mill is noth less than a sure bet . 
austin power : the spi who shag me is one of the funniest thing i 've had the pleasur to see in a long time ; a complet looney , delight parodi of the often pretenti jame bond flick . 
if all comedi ( or even half ; or - - what am i say ? 
-- even a fifth of them ) could be thi consist hyster , i would take up resid at my local multiplex . 
even more to thi movi 's credit is the fact that it is a sequel to the 1997 sleeper/cult hit austin power : intern man of mysteri . 
the origin came out of nowher ; it wa a low-budget , eccentr movi that mani expect to flop like a lesli nielsen parodi . 
all of a sudden it wa be quot by teenag all over america . 
iron , power ' `` yeeeeah babi , yeah ! `` 
ha almost becom an icon of the late 90 . 
thu anoth instal wa inevit , but it 's also undoubtedli welcom . 
the spi who shag me is one of the most unrestrain , over- the-top comedi i have ever seen in my entir life . 
it bring back most of the charact from it predecessor ( even if onli briefli ) and add new one . 
austin power ( mike myer ) , a swing hipster from the 60 transport into the 90 ha to go back to hi own time to get back hi mojo ( oh , you 'll figur it out ) , which dr . evil ( meyer again ) ha stolen . 
he enlist the help of a gorgeou secret agent felic shagwel ( now that hi prior sidekick vanessa ha been properli dispos of in a hilari open sequenc ) , play without much distinguish gusto by heather graham and togeth they go back to the 60 to defeat dr . evil yet again . 
surprisingli , the real star is dr . evil rather than austin . 
he get most of the screen time becaus he wa so popular in the first movi . 
perhap thi is true becaus he is portray and written so affection . 
instead of be the scheme , villain mad scientist we might expect from a charact like thi he is a bumbl , often sweet mad scientist wannab . 
the spi who shag me ha much of the same stuff we saw in the origin , but that 's okay by me becaus the origin left us want more . 
by the time that one wa over we have n't had nearli our share of shag joke , crude pun and power ' antic and thi sequel satisfi our appetit . 
even by it conclus , i 'm still not sure i 've had my fill of bit like `` do you smoke after sex ? `` 
`` i do n't know , babi , i never look . `` 
thi may seem aw immatur of me , but understand that the austin power seri , unlik most of the crap hollywood feed us these day , is genuin funni . 
i do n't know if i 've ever laugh harder at ani movi than i did dure the jerri springer send up or the indubit hilari `` just the two of us `` rendit by dr . evil and hi new miniatur clone name `` mini-m `` . 
i do n't have ani pretens that thi is particularli smart social satir or anyth of the sort . 
inde there is littl beyond the joy a viewer feel when he see someth that is abl to entertain him as much as thi movi did . 
but as far as i 'm concern , that is enough . 
? 1999 eugen novikov & # 137 ; 
