dark citi is such a rare treat : it ? s a stun , hyperkinet vision of a place where our realiti is fuse with noir , scienc fiction and the darkest night in manhattan and london . 
to boot , it is accompani by an intens , well written and thought stori . 
movi of thi calib and idea aren ? t made too often , and it ? s unfortun that i wait thi long to see it . 
alex proya , who ? s previou film the crow look good but couldn ? t cover up the terribl act or stori , here show a near masterpiec ; a combin of metropoli , edward hopper and phillip marlow , fuse seemlessli . 
at time it move beyond film into artwork . 
it is the stori of ? stranger ? , alien from anoth planet ( and we know they ? re alien becaus they shave their head and wear overcoat ? one of the detract of the film ) who experi on human to discov what make them live , what make up our ? soul ? . 
these alien are superior to human becaus they have master the ? ultim technolog ? of shape matter with their mind , call ? tune . 
they are aid by a human scientist , play by kiefer sutherland , who ha ? betray hi kind ? and at the start of the film watch as the entir citi stop at exactli midnight . 
dure thi time , john murdoch , play swiftli by rufu sewel , wake in a bathtub in a room with a swing overhead light ( a terrif visual effect - not onli is murdoch confus , but so is the audienc ) . 
without a memori and a strang guilt that he may be a killer , he receiv a phone call to flee , as the stranger are after him . 
i don ? t want to proceed to much further with the explan of the stori ; one of the pleasur of the film is watch it develop , in a way regain murdoch ? s ? ident ? along with him . 
it ? s a pleasur to watch the charact develop through the cinematographi . 
murdoch ? s wife , anna , is introduc through a stun beam of light : she is a loung singer who sing into a bright spotlight . 
shadow , outlin of men in hat watch , as she gentli curv through the shine . 
we see the outlin of her bodi from behind , an hourglass , as she sing a slow , rhythmic song . 
a great entranc . 
howev , a film such as thi is onli success if the moral and theme behind it are strong enough to leav the viewer satisfi . 
the citi is nice to look at , but if it ? s a poor stori then it ? s not worth watch . 
blade runner wa popular not onli becaus it ? s visual , but it ? s stori and theme were thought out and provok strong respons from the audienc . 
it is discuss it and argu , therefor a success . 
other scienc fiction film of recent time , such as the fifth element , are nice to look at , but are drop and forgotten becaus the cooki cutter moral behind them is so flimsi . 
we ? re left with ? love conquer all ? after finish the fifth element . 
dark citi is not so easili explain away . 
as the stranger discov , locat the human soul and discov what make us surviv is not such an easi task . 
where is realiti ? 
dark citi is certainli the best scienc fiction film of the 90 ? s , and rank along with the best made in the 80 , such as blade runner and the two alien film . 
perhap it ? s the best of the both decad ; it had the dark of the alien film , as well as the visual and compel stori of blade runner , but move beyond , i think , becaus the theme behind it were much stronger . 
anyon who want to make an argument for better scienc fiction film pleas feel free to write , i ? d love to hear it . 
