probabl the most popular and prais film of all time , turn out to be a primit and predict costum drama with a dose of social critic . 
everyon know about the greatest and most famou ship disast of all time . 
and the actual catastroph is master craft by director jame cameron , combin visual -and sound effect , he re-creat the frighten atmospher of the sink ship in the middl of nowher . 
i like veri much the emot and brutal contrast between the first and the third class . 
while their cabin is slowli fill up with water , a mother is tell her children a fairytail -- `` . . and 
they live happili ever after . . `` . 
and then the ship goe down and the few survivor are left alon under the star and the chill air . 
howev , the actual disast is happen almost at the end of the movi , while the first two hour are just beauti set and bad dialogu . 
in the present day , the rm titan is explor by brock lovett ( bill paxton ) , a treasur seeker look for the coeur de la mer diamond , lost dure the sink . 
somewher insid the ship , lovett 's crew discov a sketchbook of an artist long dead . 
here , in the shape of a nude young ladi , is a window into the distant age of 1912 . 
lovett is extrem surpris when he get 's a phone call from rose dawson , claim that she is a model . 
she is immedi helicopt onto the vessel , and she get the first glimps of the fate ship in 80 year . 
as the memori come flood back , she onc again becom rose dewitt buket ( kate winslet ) , the fianc ? e of wealthi cal hockley ( billi zane ) and daughter of ruth dewitt bukat ( franc fisher ) . 
on board there are rich and poor , everyon trust in the ship 's design ( jonathan hyde ) and her master , captain e . j . 
smith ( bernard hill ) . 
on board the ship , rose , unhappi and restless meet jack ( leonardo dicaprio ) - a young american artist , poor , brave and attract . 
a love stori slowli emerg and the two lover must not onli experi the differ between the social class , but also face the greatest power on earth - death . 
cameron could as well have call hi pictur `` the never end love `` or `` love at first sight `` , as he concentr all hi energi on the young coupl , and not on the disast itself . 
the plot is anyth but origin and the dialogu sometim resembl a televis soap-opera . 
the director doe n't even tri to overcom hi empti script . 
becaus of it primit and predict plot , titan is total depend on the visual that truli are breathtak . 
russel carpent 's rich , majest and incred detail cinematographi is certainli award-worthi . 
everyth from art direct to visual and sound effect are a top notch . 
but it doe n't help much when the costum are more convinc than the actor who wear them . 
the actor are not to blame , becaus their charact are more like caricatur , in other word - fake . 
jack is a man with mani talent : he is a talent artist , handsom , brave , honest , strong , funni . . . you 
name it . 
he doe n't have ani dark side , he doe n't make ani mistak , that for a second would make him human . 
jack is perfect , but he is - poor . 
on the other hand we have cal . 
he is a bastard that treat rose as an odalisqu and not as hi wife-to-b . 
he lack everyth jack possess , but he is -- rich . 
thi childish contrast between the social class is one of those thing that make titan noth more than a mediocr pictur . 
cameron know precis what we want to see . 
hi film therefor contain certain minimum to draw an audienc - attract actor , a `` tragic love stori `` , beauti visual ( includ expens special effect ) , a dose of social critic , a fascin histor event ( we love true stori ) and last , but not least - an incred media support , which proclaim an averag pictur the `` greatest film of all time `` . 
on the outsid titan look perfect , but behind that sparkl curtain of incred visual - is empti - noth to think about . 
the main weak of thi film , which iron becam it success , is simplic . 
cameron enabl our basic and if you wish - primit emot : love , hate , fear and helpless . 
everyon understand the power of love and the threat to our beauti coupl is likewis imagin - a sink ship . 
titan is a typic hollywood product , total and complet depend on visual perfect to hide it primit plot . 
it 's a good pictur , but absolut not a masterpiec . 
it 's among hundr and thousand good film releas everi year , not better or wors than the averag american film . 
