`` you leav littl note on my pillow . 
i told you a million time i ca n't stand littl note on my pillow . 
'we are all out of corn flake - f . u . ' 
it took me three hour to figur out that ' f . u . ' wa felix unger . `` 
-- - a frustrat oscar madison ( walter matthau ) run down a list of hi complaint against hi roommat felix unger ( jack lemmon ) , in the odd coupl . 
the classic neil simon comedi ( base on hi own stage play ) about suicid felix ( lemmon ) , who is persuad by hi poker friend oscar ( matthau ) to stay with him in hi apart after felix 's wife throw him out and file for divorc . 
the hook : oscar is messi and like hi apart that way , while felix is an obsessive/compuls neat freak . 
the two men , despit their friendship , instantli clash . 
movi just are n't as delight funni as thi one is . 
everi line of neil simon 's dialogu flow like comed poetri , and all the actor are just perfect in their perform . 
lemmon is at hi best as the anxieti ridden felix , but it 's matthau who shine brightest as oscar , whose world is be invad and rearrang , mostli against hi wish ( the type of charact i alway enjoy identifi with ) . 
and who can forget that catchi score by neal hefti ? 
the best thing about the film ( and thi is a testament to the qualiti of the write ) is that it 's a comedi with substanc . 
these two men , even while at each other 's throat , genuin care for one anoth as friend . 
when they clash , it is n't cartoonish hatr be display , but genuin frustrat with the fact that they are such good friend but just can not manag to co-exist . 
movi nowaday , take grumpi old men for exampl , just do n't have that extra spark there . 
these day it 's just animos for the sake of comedi . 
a televis seri follow ( star jack klugman and toni randal ) , which i 'll admit i 've never seen an episod of in it entireti , and neil simon even script the sequel , the odd coupl ii , which wa releas in 1998 . 
neither of them compar to thi comic masterpiec though . 
it 's one of the best comedi of all time and easili earn it spot in my top ten favorit film . 
