note : some may consid portion of the follow text to be spoiler . 
be forewarn . 
the teaser trailer for my best friend 's wed scars gave reason for hope - it look like the sort of goofi , light-heart comedi than might put julia robert back in the limelight , but littl more ; i 'd frankli rare seen a trailer place such an emphasi on peopl fall over for laugh so often . 
it wa then to both my surpris and my delight to find that my best friend 's wed wa such a success - a strong , bouyant romantic-comedi with some decidedli unconvent quirki comic aspect , featur a triumphant perform from ms . robert . 
the heroin of my best friend 's wed is juliann potter ( julia robert ) , a success new york restaur critic , and we open the film with a whimsic revel to her editor georg down ( rupert everett ) that year ago , she had made a pact with her dear best friend and ex-lov michael o'neal ( dermot mulroney ) , a sport writer , that if they both had n't marri by the time they reach 28 , they had promis to marri each other . 
both juliann and michael are both singl , of cours , and when georg inquir about michael 's age , juliann realiz that he 's mere week away from hi 28th birthday , and is quit distress when she receiv a phone call from michael later that day . 
howev , she find herself even more distraught when michael 's call is in regard to hi impend marriag to heiress kimmi wallac ( cameron diaz ) , and when he ask juliann to fli down to chicago for the wed , juliann suddenli realiz that she love michael , and resolv to break up the wed and steal the groom by ani mean necessari . 
the setup for my best friend 's wed , then , is a fairli convent one , and in mani way the film 's storylin is formula - but onli to a certain extent : the film wa direct by p . j . hogan , whose first featur , muriel 's wed , had quit an offbeat tone for a tradit uplift ugly-duckl stori , and the same hold true for my best friend 's wed , which confid combin tradit romantic-comedi element with a realli eccentr sens of humour . 
the film is innund with sli mischiev which seem clearli the influenc of mr . hogan . 
for exampl , there 's a heartfelt , emot exchang between juliann and michael late in the film - with a trio of teenag , inhal helium and sound everi bit like alvin and the chipmunk , harmon in the background . 
my best friend 's wed open with an inspir open credit sequenc which set the tone for the film , and there are scene where actor spontan burst into song to good comic effect - it could almost be argu that thi film is nearli as much of a music as woodi allen 's everyon say i love you ; i 'd even assert it 's a more success one . 
my best friend 's wed keep break convention with it charact as well . 
in a typic romantic-comedi , kimmi would be portray as a snooti , conniv ice queen , and the audienc would be cheer for juliann to rescu michael from her grasp ; thi film is smarter than that - here , kimmi is sweet , sincer , and innoc ; juliann even admit at one point that had she not resolv to utterli destroy kimmi 's life , she 'd actual like her too . 
the georg charact is almost a stapl of recent film - the homosexu male friend of the heroin who act as a confid and provid the guid voic of reason - but in my best friend 's wed , he get to have a play , mischiev and charm person . 
throughout the film , the formula one often see is romantic-comedi are given littl twist , and the result is a film which is compel all the way to it somewhat unorthodox conclus . 
there is a lot of smart write in the well-pac screenplay by ronald bass ; we 're given four interest , vivid , and likeabl charact , with some good dialogu and some genuin charm and touch moment . 
my best friend 's wed mark a strong career rebound for julia robert , who turn in a top-notch , confid and reassur perform as juliann . 
thi is n't the sort of role one usual associ with ms . robert - the juliann charact 's neurot , fumbl characterist are more in line with a meg ryan role - but ms . robert work wonder in the film and demonstr her aptitud at comedi here , remain compel and empathet to the audienc , if not entir sympathet , even when her deed done to destroy the wed plan of her best friend are less than honour . 
even better than ms . robert though is cameron diaz , who turn in a shine perform in my best friend 's wedd . 
with a smile which light up the screen , she effect convey kimmi 's insecur and utter sweet in an endear manner , and never hit a fals note in the film . 
she even sing - i wo n't soon forget her charm serenad of `` i just do n't know what to do with myself `` . 
rupert everett is given a veri juici role as georg , and he make the most of it with a hilari turn which make hi charact perhap the most vivid and most memor in the film . 
hi georg is a bit of a devilish rogu , entir affabl , and mr . everett 's perform is a delight to watch ; he 's clearli have fun , and hi joy is infectu . 
dermot mulroney is adequ in a thankless role - unlik the other charact in the film , he 's not given a lot to do , but there is a genuin onscreen chemistri between ms . robert and mr . mulroney , and consequ the longstand friendship between hi michael charact and the juliann charact alway seem complet authent . 
when julia robert ' lustr began to fade , and she wa usurp from her titl as `` america 's sweetheart `` by sandra bullock , i thought it wa a canni career move on her part to take support role in prestig project like michael collin and everyon say i love you to rais her profil . 
while that did n't quit work out , it 's near-certain that her success return to the genr which made her a big star back in 1990 , the romantic-comedi , will onc again rais her ant in the hollywood game . 
my best friend 's wed mark a return to form for ms . robert , and cement p . j . hogan 's reput as a skill director of comedi . 
