ingredi : lost parrot tri to get home , friend 
synopsi : a russian janitor name misha ( toni shalhoub ) discov a littl old parrot languish in the basement of a scienc research facil . 
`` pauli the talk parrot `` ( the voic of jay mohr ) soon regal misha with hi life stori . 
as a young bird pauli is rais by mari ( halli kate eisenberg ) , a littl girl with a speech impedi . 
by attend mari 's speech lesson , pauli learn to act/speak like a regular person . 
unfortun , after be unfairli blame for an accid , pauli is taken to a pawn shop and sold . 
pauli 's biggest wish is to return to mari . 
mani year later , and after a success of memor owner ( gena rowland , cheech marin , and jay mohr ) , pauli fall in with a bad crowd and is apprehend in lo angel tri to steal jewelri . 
he is sent to a cruel research facil , where he refus to particip and is imprison the basement . 
will misha help pauli get back to mari ? 
opinion : everi time peopl watch movi that portray anim as be with cute human person , some well-mean audienc member go out next christma or birthday and buy a dalmatian or whatev creatur is current popular . 
soon enough , `` birthday kid `` lose interest and the purchas pup end up at the local pound , a victim of neglect . 
my sister own a real pauli : it think like a parrot , bite like a parrot , and requir as much attent as a newborn human infant . 
pleas think twice befor buy one . 
okay . back to the stori . 
in movi , parrot usual play support charact , but pauli might be the first movi where the ( animatron ) bird get main bill . 
pauli , like those side charact in disney cartoon , is cute and sassi , a strut , miniatur human . 
actual , pauli is the voic of jay mohr ( he play jennif aniston 's boyfriend on pictur perfect ) do hi best buddi hackett impress ( which is interest , sinc hackett himself cameo as the pawn shop owner , and mohr doubl as a custom ) . 
pauli is for kid . 
while watch pauli you hear littl tyke in the theater laugh hyster when pauli call the cat a `` stupid furbal . `` 
sometim , howev , there are statement the kid do n't get . 
for exampl , when pauli 's elderli owner ivi ( gena rowland ) die , pauli explain , `` well , one day , the cat got her . `` 
and you hear kid exclaim , `` what cat ? ! `` 
imagin lassi come home , except with a doll-siz human dress as a bird , and you 'll have a good idea of the plot and character . 
bird tri to get home . 
bird meet elderli friend . 
bird lose elderli friend . 
bird meet eccentr friend . 
bird lose eccentr friend . 
bird meet bad influenc . 
and so on and so forth , with pauli meet friend and say goodby at a meander pace until he final make it back to mari ( trini alvarado ) . 
the bottom line ? 
break out the popcorn money , mom and dad . 
pauli may be the low end version of lassi , bambi , or babe , but he 'll do . 
sometim the wisecrack go over their head , but i 'm sure youngster can appreci a stori about a littl person ( pauli ) tri to get home , meet friend and experienc moral lesson on the way . 
and good luck explain what it mean when pauli say of ivi , `` well , one day , the cat got her . `` 
