veteran actor clint eastwood ha never look as grizzl as he doe in true crime , hi latest directori effort . 
when steve everett ( hi newest charact ) get angri at someon , he glare them down with those famou dirti harri eye , furrow hi brow and frown like a grizzli bear who 's just lost hi cub . 
eastwood ha play some particularli despic charact in hi time , but everett could just take the cake . 
he get my vote , at least , partli becaus ` ev ' is a drunken affair-a-week woman who ha mani relationship problem , veri few of which are with hi wife ( dian venora ) . 
when hi colleagu at the oakland tribun is in an ugli car wreck and die , everett must take over for her at a vital interview session . 
the interview is with frank beacham ( isaiah washington ) , a death-row inmat set to die at midnight for the murder of a pregnant conveni store clerk . 
eastwood furrow hi brow . 
as everett gradual find inform , he realiz that beacham could veri well be innoc . 
he interview a key wit ( michael jeter ) , who claim that he burst in the door at pocum 's food becaus hi car had overh , onli to see beacham stand over the dead woman 's bodi , blood on hi suspend , gun in hand . 
but everett protest : how could he have seen the gun , which wa lower by hi side , with the potato chip rack in front of him ? 
jeter doe n't know what he 's talk about . 
eastwood furrow hi brow . 
crinkl express and all , clint is the centr of energi of true crime . 
the film is by no mean a standard action/suspens yarn , but a thought human stori in which the charact come befor the shoot-out . 
isaiah washington ha a break-out perform as frank beacham , and scene with him and hi weari wife ( lisa gay hamilton ) are truli heartfelt moment . 
but the best scene are one that featur eastwood duke it out with those in author over him . 
deni leari , as everett 's editor and boss , ha more than a few memor moment of restrain anger ( you see , ev is sleep with hi wife ) . 
but hand down , the most enjoy segment of the film are when jame wood is on camera . 
play the big boss alan mann , wood and eastwood creat amus chemistri and laugh-out-loud punchlin . 
when true crime opt for a high-spe chase to the govern 's hous at the final , the qualiti of film-mak take an abrupt nosed . 
eastwood wa so success with color charact portrait that he did n't need to switch lane . 
true crime is a tension-build , intrigu drama showcas for the talent director and star . 
thi is a road block he could have easili dismiss ( i furrow my brow ) . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
