temp mill cinema , az -- thi movi had us in non-stop stitch from begin to end . 
all those promot clip that have been on tv for the past month came from the first five minut of the movi . 
if you thought they were funni , see the rest of the movi . 
it 's hilari . 
how doe one go about make a movi about a coupl guy whose onli claim to fame is synchron head-bop on snl to exactli one song ? 
easi . 
write an interest script around tried-and-tru idea , add some good line and satir , and voil ? , you end up with an excel , well-don , veri entertain flick . 
will and chri are idiot brother forc by their father to work begrudgingli in the famili flower busi dure the day . 
at night they pursu their life-long ambit to loos their virgin in fail attempt to get into the roxburi in beverli hill , ca , the onli disco act worth go to . 
the onli problem , the place is so popular and the wait line so long that by the time the brother make it to the front door , the roxburi close , all the while bear wit to guy with one-hundred-dollar bill and movi star like richard grieco who get past the doorman without fuss . 
the script author ( steve koren , will ferrel and chri kattan ) cleverli devis a way for our boy to get into the roxburi . 
their flower-shop van is rear-end by richard grieco , who fear a law-suit and is surpris to see the idiot are too star-struck to think about the car accid they just had , but not about get into the roxburi . 
grieco happili take them in , even introduc them to the owner , which ha the ad benefit of enhanc the financi appear of the idiot brother in the eye of a coupl of gold digger ( elisa donovan and gigi rice ) who bet their time and bodi on will and chri . 
what follow are some of the best slap-stick danc routin ever . 
the music is superb , and could have onli been made better had the produc ad patrick hernandez 's born to be aliv . 
the choreographi at time wa a parodi of an era gone by , for exampl , the bee gee and their stayin ' aliv . 
it is nostalg for those of us who rememb that far back , and the techniqu is a clever adapt that work well in forest gump . 
one of the funniest scene is when the gold digger discov that will 
and chri do n't have ani mone y , and dump both on the spot , even express violenc and anger that they gave sex away . 
an art-imitates-lif poke at shallow women . 
it 's a scene that 's an approxim parodi of the vinegar 's own rolf luedek 's editori thi week nation organ for men ( nom ) replac now . 
ted `` unabomb `` 
kaczynski , himself reject for not have money , will identifi well with thi scene , if he ever watch the movi . 
of cours , the script would n't be complic enough without ad molli shannon , the girl next door who ha had a crush on will sinc they were kid , and who will ha had an avers to in quest of good-look disco blond ( proof that men will turn down perfectli good women when there are bay watch babe alway lurk nearbi ) . 
nevertheless , will 's father want him to marri molli anyway , but think idiot chri is stand in the way and send him into guest-quart exil . 
dure the wed ceremoni , will 's heart is n't exactli into get marri , and when hi brother appear on the balconi with a ghetto blaster and more head-bop music , will think wors of the knot-ti idea and run to chri . 
definit an snl parodi of the graduat where katharin ross chang her mind for the scream dustin hoffman in the church balconi . 
i found thi scene a riot , howev , it went over brandi 's head -- she wa born seven year after the graduat first appear . 
the scene ha a good punch line when molli shannon marri , instead , the step-in buddy/weight-lift ( who look like he could pass for the son of gari busi ) and who ha been lust for a good-look for a long time , but readi now to take anyon . 
more art-imitates-lif stuff -- not even muscl can substitut for money in the real world . 
the idiot ' mother is play by loni anderson , whose barbie-dol look 
do n't play well anymor ( she 's a bit old ) , and whose cleavag look like someon botch a tracheotomi too low down . 
i recommend thi movi for anyon who want to have a lot of fun or in 
need of a lot of laugh . 
go with a date . 
brandi laugh non-stop , as i 
did , and a deaf-mut might have conclud i wa tickl her continu for 105 minut . 
