fritz lang 's first american film sinc leav nazi germani , is an eye-open about a lynch mob in a small town . 
joe wilson ( spencer traci ) is a regular joe , a hard-work stiff , a decent guy , who is live with hi two brother , tom ( walcott ) and charli ( albertson ) , in chicago . 
he is engag to katherin grant ( sylvia sidney ) , but ca n't save up enough money to marri her . 
she take the train west for a better pay job as a teacher . 
befor she depart , she give him the wed ring her father gave to her mother , sew up hi rip trench coat , correct him when he mistakingli say the wrong word for memento , and kiss him goodby . 
a year goe by and joe buy a car and tell katherin that he will meet her to get marri in capitol citi , that he ha quit hi job and hope to open a ga station . 
drive through the rural backroad and camp out at night while go to met her , he arriv at a near-bi town call strand . 
but the deputi sheriff `` bugg `` meyer ( walter brennan ) come upon him wave a shotgun and arrest him . 
he accus him of the kidnap of a littl girl . 
the sheriff ( elli ) find salt peanut on him just like the kidnapp had in hi pocket , he also ha a five dollar bill on him that match one of the number of the ransom money , and he fit the gener descript of the suspect . 
lock in jail , he wait for the district attorney to look at hi claim of innoc . 
in the local bar , the town citizen go into a rage when learn that an arrest ha been made in the kidnap . 
fuel by angri talk about get back at the kidnapp and of have the deputi inadvert tell them of the ransom money found on the suspect , a mob storm the jail , burn it down and dynamit it when they ca n't get through to the prison 's jail cell . 
the sheriff call the governor for the nation guard , but one of hi polit advis countermand that request , say it would n't look right for the governor in an elect year to call out troop for those he want to vote for him . 
somehow joe escap , but hi dog rainbow die . 
katherin hear what ha happen on the radio and rush to the neighbor town of strand onli to see him engulf by flame in hi cell , and becom convinc that he die . 
the next day the newspap announc that the guilti kidnapp confess . 
joe make hi way back to chicago and tell hi brother , who are startl to see him aliv , that he want reveng . 
he therebi suppli hi brother with the name of the 22 leader in the lynch mob . 
an ambiti district attorney ( walter abel ) prosecut the 22 for murder . 
katherin , not know he 's aliv , remain in a state of shock , but is ask to be a wit that she saw joe burn to death . 
the defens claim that it ca n't be a charg of murder without a corps . 
the trial prove to be interest , as the citizen in thi close-knit , respect commun , lie under oath , provid alibi for each other to prove they could n't have been at the jail . 
the sheriff also lie , say he ca n't identifi anyon in the mob . 
but proof come by way of a newsreel cameraman who caught the whole incid on film . 
as for proof of the corps , an anonym letter is address to the judg enclos with the wed ring katherin gave joe . 
in the note , memento is misspel , which make katherin realiz that joe is aliv . 
when the sentenc is announc , 20 of the accus are found guilti of murder , but joe march into the courtroom and give a piou speech about what happen . 
katherin forgiv him , and thi veri strong film end on a weaker note than i think it should have . 
but do n't blame lang for all the chang in the film , of tri to take the town off the hook by introduc thi wild reveng motiv . 
mgm could n't bear to have it made the way lang want it , that is , by have traci die in the lynch . 
instead they want to stop short of condemn so mani small american town where lynch actual do occur , and they therebi meddl throughout the entir script . 
to lang 's credit , even if thi film fail to be a masterpiec becaus of the interfer , it still did not let the good citizen off the moral hook . 
hi portray of the attempt lynch wa power done and wa not compromis . 
you could n't help get the feel that the citizen did n't care that much that they almost lynch an innoc man , but care more about protect the reput of their town and would do anyth to keep their 22 vigilant from go to jail , even perjur themselv . 
their reaction to see joe aliv wa satisfi onli in that it meant they were n't go to be convict . 
lang by no mean impli that the town ha learn it lesson from thi incid . 
he doe impli that a dark side to joe wilson ha been expos , and the innoc , jovial good-guy , seen in the begin of the film , ha been larg alter forev by thi traumat experi . 
