bruce willi is a type-cast actor . 
in die hard , he play john mcclain , a rough and tough chicago cop who get caught in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
again , in pulp fiction , as butch coolidg , an over-the-hil boxer , he step on the wrong guy toe . 
in luc besson 's the fifth element , willi play korben dalla , a new york cabbi who take in the wrong passeng at the worst possibl time . 
a stylish scienc fiction epic , the fifth element 's complex plot begin right away , in the desert of egypt ( think stargat ) in 1914 . 
an enorm spacecraft land abov a pyramid where the `` 5 element `` are store and take them away , vow to return them when the evil come back . 
cut to present day , which is our futur . 
the year is 2023 , and new york is the citi . 
the onli basic differ between besson 's futurist depict and the real life new york is that the smog is thicker , the build are higher , and the traffic float ! 
anyway , the `` evil `` come back as a ball of fire to wreak havoc on the fair citizen of the earth , so back come the tortoise-lik alien to return the `` 5 element `` to earth , in order to defend themselv against the `` evil . `` 
in the process , howev , the ship is intercept by 2 fighter pod and is destroy befor land . 
when offici arriv at the site , all that remain is a hand . 
what can you do with a hand ? 
hey , it the 21st centuri here-dna reconstruct ! 
thi hand turn out to belong to a beauti , but mysteri woman name leeloo ( milla jovovich , daze and confus ) . 
she escap and , attempt to escap the polic by swan dive off of an enorm skyscrap and crash through the roof of korben 's float cab . 
it 's love at first site , as korben and leeloo elud the lazy-as-alway cop . 
when leeloo begin mumbl about a corneliu ( ian holm , night fall on manhattan ) , korben search the `` yellow page `` and deliv her to the door of the good reverend , the onli man who know of her background and duti . 
now , korben , leeloo , and corneliu must journey to a foreign planet to board a cruis ship ( special effect were spectacular here ) to find the remain four element . 
it is here , where they discov that they have been follow by the evil jean-baptist emmanuel zorg ( gari oldman , murder in the first ) . 
he , too , want possess of the element , as do a group of pig-lik warrior ( think the gamorrean in return of the jedi ) . 
in a spectacular end , with time run out , leeloo is face with a problem-whi should she save a peopl who live to destroy each other ? 
the question is a good one , and one that could be ponder . 
but enough of that . 
when korben point out hi love for her , leeloo is inclin to becom the `` 5th element `` and save the world from total destruct . 
the fifth element featur good perform by willi and holm , an excel portray of a comed villain ( who remind me a lot of jack nicholson 's the joker in batman ) by one of the master of villaini , oldman , and a heartfelt offer by rel newcom jovovich . 
the support cast , which includ brion jame ( tango & cash ) , tim `` tini `` lester ( no hold bar ) , luke perri ( buffi the vampir slayer ) , and chri tucker ( friday ) , ad a comed effect to the film . 
although besson 's the fifth element can be critic for the outlandish use of clich , it is a solid motion pictur with a definit point . 
some other director ( like anaconda 's lui llosa ) should take a lesson from thi guy-us idea from epic motion pictur the right way . 
idea from star war and stargat were util for the improv of thi film . 
sci-fi fan or not , ani movie-lov should see thi wonder stylish motion pictur . 
, 
