note : ordinarili , moviereview . org will not give away ani critic plot point of a film that could be interpret as `` spoiler . `` 
howev , be that music of the heart is base on a true stori and that moviereview . org 
feel the film can not be properli credit without such revel , plot giveaway will appear in the follow review . 
if thi bother you , pleas note the 3 star rate of the film and stop read now . 
`` what doe it take to play carnegi hall ? 
practic . `` 
it take two hour for music of the heart to `` play carnegi hall , `` both figur and liter . 
like the children it portray , the movi start from the dark realm of aw cinema and work it way up to a show-stop perform at the legendari concert hall . 
roberta guaspari ( academi award winner meryl streep ) ha two kid , a husband who left her and 50 violin she bought from a small shop in the mediterranean . 
her life desper need a jump start and get one when she meet a man who introduc her to a job as a music teacher at an east harlem elementari school . 
she soon find her job is on the rock as the men in her life continu to rotat through revolv door . 
that is the pattern-lik plot of thi product . 
ultim , the film choos a zero-sum answer to these problem and find her music career at an all-tim high when the men in her life final vanish . 
the first hour of music of the heart is rather pain . 
roberta 's charact lack develop and consequ seem to be flat . 
also lack depth is the film 's `` bad guy , `` a narrow-mind music teacher ( josh pai ) who reject roberta out of principl ( the movi never explain exactli which principl that is ) and conveni come and goe from the plot accord to when it might be dramat to have a villain around . 
the next 15 minut of the film are mediocr . 
they are highlight by one child 's return to roberta 's class ( come after the great old hollywood scene where he explain be ca n't be around anymor becaus `` my mom said . . . `` ) and a glow concert . 
not know the run time , you may expect the credit to role at thi point . 
but they do n't . 
instead the film use the next 45 minut to finish it journey from bad to mediocr to excel . 
director we craven , known for hi work of horror , use some old sentiment trick to get the audienc tear . 
one romant break up scene is highlight by the classic `` but . . . 
last night . . . `` 
and roberta 's two children also have textbook conflict with their singl mother regard their father 's absenc . 
the citi of harlem play a strong role in the movi . 
roberta 's mother is initi reluct to see her daughter move to that part of town and the film doe noth to combat that stereotyp . 
the nois track for these scene are domin by siren ; predict one of roberta 's student is gun down and kill off screen . 
one thing the film doe lack is subtleti . 
the fact that a littl boy wa play `` we shall overcom `` on hi violin after the aforement shoot wa a cute and discreet refer . 
the fact that the entir orchestra begin to play it over and over soon after is an overdon refer that show how littl credit he give the audienc . 
( of cours , in horror film the foreshadow and between-the-lin moment are meant to be overdon , so perhap he too is just learn to play the game . ) 
even with all it flaw , music of the heart is a beauti film . 
that is not an excus for the movi 's poor begin . 
but as i watch the scene in carnegi hall , i thought of some of the great act that have taken that stage . 
in decemb of 1979 a comedian name andi kaufman put on a show that will forev be rememb as one of the most origin in theatr histori . 
the perform includ a dead-on elvi impress , robin william in disguis and a moment at the end when kaufman announc he would take the whole audienc out for milk and cooki . 
so , how did thi comic geniu choos to open the show of hi life ? 
he had a charact name toni clifton take the stage for the sole purpos of irrit and anger the audienc . 
perhap it is okay for music of the heart to start off rusti becaus just as kaufman had santa 's favorit food , thi movi ha an amaz final . 
