it ha been three long year sinc quentin tarantino stun the cinema world by claim the cann film festiv 's palm d'or , a $ 100 million-plu box offic gross , and an oscar nomin ? all for hi sophomor outing , pulp fiction . 
sinc then , the talent film maker ha been virtual invis , surfac briefli as a co-director of the wildli uneven four room and the screenwrit of the gori vampire-fest , from dusk till dawn . 
in between , he ha moonlight as an `` actor `` with sever decidedli unmemor perform . 
now , with much fanfar and anticip , tarantino ha return with hi third directori effort , jacki brown . 
and , while thi motion pictur , adapt from elmor leonard 's novel , rum punch , offer solid entertain , those expect anoth bravura outing from tarantino will leav theater disappoint . 
for the most part , jacki brown is a pretti ordinari crime movi . 
the stori , which start out slowli , develop into a twisti affair , with double-cross and triple-cross . 
and the movi is litter with occasion tarantino trademark : witti dialogu , unexpect gunfir , '70 pop tune , and close-up of women ' bare feet . 
yet , for all of that , the product is someth of a letdown . 
the sheer , in-your-fac exuber that mark reservoir dog and especi pulp fiction is absent . 
the mostly-straightforward chronolog of jacki brown doe n't match up favor to the non-linear style of tarantino 's previou effort ? an approach that ad tension and edgi to the narr . 
and there are n't nearli as mani delici offbeat convers thi time around . 
there 's a samuel l . jackson monologu about gun , a jackson/chri tucker argument regard the merit of hide in a car trunk , and a jackson/robert de niro exchang that recal some of the jackson/travolta materi from pulp fiction , but that 's about it . 
jacki brown 's lone `` innov `` is it present of a crucial sequenc from three differ perspect . 
thi is n't exactli an origin techniqu ? it ha been done numer time befor , most famous in akira kurosawa 's rashomon and most recent in edward zwick 's courag under fire . 
howev , while in those two movi ( and other ) , there wa a legitim plot reason for the multipl points-of- view , tarantino 's sole purpos for use it appear to be becaus it 's unconvent . 
had the scene in question been shown from onli one of the three vantag , noth would have been lost . 
as a result , thi aspect of the film is littl more than a curios . 
for the second pictur in a row , tarantino is attempt to reviv the career of a '70 icon . 
thi time around , instead of john travolta , it 's blaxploit queen pam grier ( foxi brown ha becom jacki brown ) . 
in one of mani nod to the most famou segment of grier 's career , tarantino use a '70 song to accompani her first appear dure the open credit . 
there are also sever instanc dure jacki brown when the director offer a sli wink toward certain convent of the blaxploit genr ( although grier never doe ani butt-kick ) . 
grier is jacki brown , a flight attend who get caught transport drug and money into the unit state . 
she 's work for gun dealer ordel robbi ( samuel l . jackson ) , but she keep her mouth shut under question , despit pressur from ray nicolet ( michael keaton ) , a feder offici . 
no longer sure whether or not he can trust jacki , ordel arrang for a bail bondsman , max cherri ( robert forster , tv 's `` banyon `` ) to post the necessari $ 10 , 000 , then plan to shoot jacki if she prove disloy . 
jacki pass ordel 's test , howev , and soon the two of them are plot a way to smuggl $ 500 , 000 of ordel 's money into the unit state without tip off the fed . 
soon , just about everyon is after that money , includ jacki , max , ray , ordel 's perpetu oversex and drugged-out girlfriend , melani ( bridget fonda ) , and hi right-hand man , loui ( robert de niro ) . 
unsurprisingli , the most memor perform is turn in by samuel l . jackson , but ordel is n't nearli as invigor or compel a charact as jule from pulp fiction . 
in addit to look fantast , pam grier is also quit good , although her is not an oscar- calib perform ( although she might get a nomin ) . 
robert forster and michael keaton are solid in their tough-guys-who-rarely- smile role . 
bridget fonda is around for three discern reason : to look sexi in a bikini , to provid a littl twist comedi , and to satisfi tarantino 's foot fetish . 
robert de niro is crimin underus in a part that could have been play equal well by ani grungy- look , middle-ag actor . 
the film , which clock in at sever minut over the two-and-a- half hour mark , is probabl too long for the materi , but the plot is convolut enough to keep us guess throughout ( although the payoff is a letdown ) . 
tarantino keep thing move along nice , with a heavier dose of humor and less violenc than in pulp fiction , but , on the whole , thi movi seem more like the work of one of hi wannab than someth from the director himself . 
when it come to recent caper film ( like the grifter and bound ) , jacki brown is a second-ti effort . 
it 's an entertain divers , but not a masterpiec , and certainli not an oscar contend . 
