you 'd think it would be easi to spoof star trek , but tri spoof it without cruelli mock it . 
that 's a bit more difficult . 
the farfetch sci-fi seri is , after all , enorm popular , what with it gigant fan base and ongo instal both on televis and in movi . 
if you 're not nice to it , you lose . 
galaxi quest is to star trek what mel brook 's spacebal wa to star war , an affection , riotous funni parodi that freeli take jab at variou element of it subject but never seem mean-spirit or malintent . 
`` the show 's been cancel , but the journey is far from over . `` 
that is the current taglin of `` galaxi quest , `` a star trek - type show that 's no longer produc but live on forev in rerun . 
it also live on in convent , gather of the show 's obsess fan who never fail to dress in `` galaxi quest `` costum and ask absurdli logic question about it deliri technobabbl . 
jason nesmith ( tim allen ) play `` command peter quinci taggart `` on the show and is the onli one of the cast who still get excit about the gig they have to do . 
the attitud of the rest -- tommi webber ( daryl mitchel , gwen demarco ( sigourney weaver ) , fred kwan ( toni shalhoub ) and alexand dane ( alan rickman ) -- rang from indiffer to utter contempt . 
dane , who play a spock-lik alien , is especi disgust , consid himself abov hi demean job and stubbornli refus to recit hi charact 's cheesi trademark line `` by grabthar 's hammer , you shall be aveng `` ( or someth like that ) for hi die-hard fan . 
one day , nesmith is greet by an especi fanat group of `` galaxi quest `` follow . 
they are actual alien from a planet known as thermia . 
they have mistaken the `` galaxi quest `` episod for histor document of actual heroic space travel . 
the next day , the thermian whisk nesmith away to a spaceship to help them defeat the evil sarri ( name , in one of the film 's onli mean-spirit gag , after villag voic film critic andrew sarri ) . 
nesmith think it is onli an elabor gig , and sort of blow it off , but when he is transport -- or i should say shot -- back to earth in a rather celesti manner , he believ . 
next thing the cast know , they are be drag by nesmith to thi spaceship . 
of cours , they all think he is out of hi mind and onc he doe convinc them that there realli is a spaceship , what they want to do is get out of there as fast as the transport will take them . 
but after some persuad , they stay on to fight the icki sarri and find a way to provid a peac exist for the flail thermian . 
i wa quit surpris how well thi comedi , which came off as utterli brainless from it market campaign , work . 
take shot at both the obviou and not-so-obvi element of star trek and it fandom , galaxi quest never goe for cheap laugh , opt instead for broad but smart parodi . 
noth is safe -- not the clich , not the fan , not the absurd taglin -- but on the other hand , everyth is safe , sinc galaxi quest treat it subject with utter respect and sometim even subtl admir . 
the highlight of the movi is toni shalhoub 's fred a . k . a . tech sergeant chen who , when in charact , is the complet opposit of scotti from the origin star trek . 
while scotti , who wa the technician for the enterpris would constantli yell `` i need more power down here captain ! `` , 
chen 's cri for help is more to the tune of `` the core , like , wo n't take it or someth . `` 
it 's a hoot , but it doe n't stop there : weaver , whose charact ha the menial task of repeat everyth the comput say and rickman , with hi relentlessli holier-than-th attitud are n't far behind . 
galaxi quest succe as a funni parodi of star trek and while it 's not a masterpiec -- it tend to falter in it more seriou moment -- it is immens entertain fluff and excel counterprogram to all the sober oscar contend be releas thi holiday season . 
by grabthar 's hammer , thi is a hell of a movi . 
