mar attack ! 
( 1996 ) - c : jack nicholson , glenn close , annett bene , martin short , danni devito , rod steiger , pierc brosnan , sarah jessica parker , michael j . fox , jim brown , pam grier , joe don baker , natali portman , christina appleg , lisa mari , tom jone . 
thi is director tim burton 's finest film to date . 
mani will compar thi tale of martian who invad earth to independ day , but even though the stori are similar , they realli are two distinctli differ film . 
howev as a whole , mar attack is much more entertain than id4 , and i love id4 . 
you realli have to be in the right frame of mind to enjoy thi film . 
it is complet wacked-out and unlik anyth you 've ever seen . 
onc the silli tone of the film is set , it 's easi to just sit back and throw logic out the window becaus logic and comedi just do n't mix . 
the plot is simpl : martian invad the earth . 
but it 's differ than ani other invas film . 
usual it 's the evil alien versu the heroic human . 
thi time howev , it 's the goofi alien versu the equal goofi human . 
the martian , who are all comput gener , are just about the funniest thing i 've seen in a long time . 
they look funni , they move funni , and their `` languag `` is hilari . 
and about the special effect . 
the effect in mar attack ! 
are just about the most flawless one i 've seen to date . 
the comput anim of the martian combin with the goofi person they are given make them seem 100 % real . 
there are just a coupl of scene that do n't work , mainli those involv sarah jessica parker and pierc brosnan on board an alien ship . 
also , glenn close overact tremend in her ( thank ) veri limit screen time , so much so that i actual applaud silent when her charact meet her demis . 
but there are mani big laugh in the film , as i said , if you are in the right mood . 
could it have been funnier ? 
certainli . 
wa it funni enough ? 
ye . 
wa i entertain ? 
absolut . 
on a person note , i 'd like to thank whomev cast rod steiger ( my favorit actor ) in the film as war-crazi gener decker . 
final , after mani veri small part in direct to video garbag and minor tv role , steiger is back on the big screen in a real movi that mani peopl will see . 
while he 's not given the type of role that you can give a real `` perform `` in , he doe the job well and ha some good line of dialogu . 
the preview audienc i saw the film with realli seem to enjoy him . 
