an unhappi italian housewif , a lone waiter , a goofi masseus , lot of love , and gorgeou sceneri all come togeth in bread and tulip , which prove charm despit it cover of predict , well-worn materi . 
the stori concern the aforement housewif , rosalba barletta ( licia maglietta ) who accident becom separ from her immedi famili while on vacat . 
instead of wait for a ride home , rosalba opt not to go home to her italian town , but to instead hitchhik to venic . 
upon arriv , she tell her self-cent husband , mimmo ( an excel antonio catania ) that she 'll be home in a few day . 
of cours , that doe n't happen , as rosalba quickli gain a level of independ that ha been unattain in her past life of scrub floor and buy groceri . 
in what seem like day , she move in with lone , suicid waiter fernando ( bruno ganz ) , get a job as a florist , learn the accordion , and befriend her neighbor -- a wacki holist masseus name grazia ( marina massironi ) . 
rosalba , who is first seen wear a gaudi stretch pant outfit , start wear sexi dress and get closer to fernando . 
i can think of at least five other ( american ) movi ( includ fri green tomato and an unmarri woman ) that are more than similar to bread and tulip . 
but maglietta and ganz , who act with restraint and care , help bread and tulip from becom a tire retread . 
ganz play the suicid waiter role with a solemn , sometim play digniti that is a joy to watch , while maglietta never overreact to her grow comfort with the outsid world . 
throughout the movi , maglietta ha an easygo , confid demeanor , which make it veri easi to root for her and her grow attract for ganz 's charact . 
the gorgeou sceneri of moonlit town squar and sparkl river provid a perfect love stori backdrop -- you just might want to ask the attract stranger in the seat behind you for coffe after the light come up . 
director and co-writ silvio soldini must get credit for sprinkl the movi with effect goofi humor . 
the cheap mimmo , desper to find hi wife ( after all , he need hi shirt iron and hi mistress wo n't do it ) , hire a job applic ( giusepp battiston ) at hi bathroom suppli firm to do the job . 
the reason ? 
mimmo discov that the prospect plumber love detect stori . 
the novic detect 's variou misfortun , includ him say goodby to hi weepi mother , are veri funni . 
unfortun , there are flaw that somewhat spoil bread and tulip ' cheeri tone . 
rosalba is bother by sever surreal dream dure her time in venic , which bring the movi to a halt . 
it 's like put a gunfight in a nora ephron movi . 
sever detail in fernando 's life also never get proper closur , includ hi suicid tendenc . 
earli in the movi , he nearli hang himself befor rosalba knock on hi apart door . 
after that , fernando 's step toward death is never made refer to , probabl becaus soldini want to includ a lukewarm , underdevelop subplot about fernando 's stormi past . 
it seem more like a desper attempt to pump up the drama in a plot that doe n't need ani . 
but there are n't a lot of overwhelm neg in bread and tulip . 
the movi is fun and romant , with beauti sceneri and charact whose live we 'd like to live if we had the nerv . . . 
or if our passport were n't miss . 
