there 's a thin line between satir and controversi , and mike nichol ( the birdcag , wolf ) ha direct a sharp and veri honest look at a us presidenti elect . 
base on the book written by `` anonym `` ( actual former `` newsweek `` writer joe klein ) , john travolta play governor jack stanton . 
but he doe n't actual play stanton . 
he play bill clinton ; just the same as emma thompson no doubt play the first ladi and billi bob thorton is the campaign manipul jame carvil ( although the credit will of cours say otherwis ) . 
the film is taken from the perspect of henri burton ( adrian lester ) , a moral correct and somewhat hesit new advisor to stanton . 
he search for justic and digniti in the ugliest possibl situat , and whether it be keep the histori of hi boss ' pant under wrap or contempl dig up dirt on anoth politician , he approach hi work with a keen desir to skill serv hi countri and hi fellow worker . 
richard jemmon ( billi bob thorton ) and daisi green ( maura tierney ) team up with henri as the would-b presid 's advisor , and hire lesbian veteran libbi holden ( kathi bate ) as the campaign 's eccentr `` tougher than dirt `` incrimin . 
togeth they face all sort of sexual alleg , the irritatingli discourt media and other witti politician in the elect race . 
in it satir and controversi , primari color is a similar film to wag the dog : they both are not afraid to wipe their nose in the nitty-gritti and take a bold look at someth that will never ha honesti as a virtu . 
but wherea wag show us how much affect a few peopl can have on the media , primari color is much more concern with flesh out it 's charact , let us understand what they want and whi , and make us truli appreci the human and rectitud that they gracious repres . 
see john travolta play bill clinton so confid and justli is enough to make the film more than worth a look . 
and the rest of the cast also make superb perform - adrian lester sharpli portray the intellect of henri whilst kathi bate is perfect as the robust and energet libbi holden . 
at occas , you ca n't help but feel that these terrif charact are go to wast . 
there are long slab of time where john travolta ( unquestion the most interest to watch ) is miss from the screen ; and sinc it is awkwardli structur as henri 's stori we are often forc to watch scene that perhap are not so necessari to the central plot - or even the point of the film . 
have said that , make no mistak - primari color is alway enjoy to watch . 
but frequent we have to ask ourselv - exactli what are we watch ? 
most of the first half of it durat is a lighthead look at melodramat confront that seem so genuin we can not help but laugh , but the way primari color choos to finish tackl aspect that are veri contrari , and almost unsuit , to the rest of the film . 
but as i mention befor , there is a thin line between satir and controversi - and for the most part , primari color deliv an entertain indulg of polit matter combin with a far-from-overpow look at win the public 's opinion . 
although at occas the film may jump around a littl too freeli , focu is never lost on how import and vulner the subject matter realli is . 
thank , it is clear to make the distinct on what is entertain movi cosmet and what is a provoc document of someth so realli it 's scari . 
