plot : a young recruit get pluck out of nowher by the number one gangster in london and quickli becom a stapl by hi side . 
but thi new guy is not like all the other , he 's got ambit , he 's got goal and he love everyth he see about be the number one gangster . 
violenc , lot of swear and betray ensu . 
critiqu : a veri good , serious-mind , uniqu british gangster flick which miss the `` great `` mark by way of an annoy voice-ov pop up throughout the film and a so-so end . 
here 's yet anoth cool crime movi that actual manag to bring someth new into the mix . 
okay , so it 's not entir new , but it 's definit origin when all put togeth as done here . 
the thing i like most about thi movi wa it authent portray of the time period in which it wa take place . 
it 's 1968 and these dude are look good ! 
ye , it 's all about the suit , fella . . . the 
italian shoe , the cufflink , the tie and the bird ( that 's ladi , for those uniniti ) hang around you . 
here are a bunch of horribl men , gangster if you will , look sharp , talk shit and bust head all over the place . 
but that 's not the basi of thi movi . 
the basi of thi film come in the relationship between the number one gangster in the group , the excel david thewli , and one of hi croni , paul bettani , also extrem good in thi film , and how the power , sex appeal and cool of one , affect the other . 
you know how there are alway these `` hanger-on `` gangster type who latch on to the godfath , the leader , the top dog of everi crime organ ? 
well , most of the time , these dude are screen beforehand and are loyal to onli one person . . . that 
is , their boss . 
so all the gangster number one need to worri about is hi enemi on the other side of the fenc . 
but thi film bring the betray , the mess up loyalti , the honor code among bad guy into play within the same group and present it in quit the stylist packag . 
of cours , director paul mcguigan is n't tri to be guy ritchi here , and doe n't over-styl hi present , jazz it all up with a hip soundtrack or add ani humor to the mix . 
nope , he goe straight for the seriou stuff and develop at least two particular scene which are still embed in my mind as i type thi . 
the first is a confront sequenc between bettani and a man from which he 's attempt to sway some inform and it is downright nasti ! 
( `` look into my eye ! `` ) 
in fact , the last time that i 've seen a guy so scare in a movi wa john turturro in that forest scene from the coen brother ' miller 's cross . 
scari shite . 
but there 's an ever better scene than that in thi film . 
thi one featur bettani , onc again , slowli tortur , hack and beat the live piss out of a rival gangster ( from that man 's point-of-view ) , but not befor turn on a quaint littl tune in the background and remov all of hi own expens cloth , one by one ( that 's right , he `` doe `` the guy in hi underwear ) . 
that scene is also in tune with some of the obviou phallic and homoerot underton present throughout thi film , especi in the relationship between bettani and hi boss ( whi doe he get so upset when he fall in love with that woman ? ) . 
but the flick 's not perfect . 
in fact , i did n't mind malcolm mcdowel 's voice-ov narrat at first , but as the film grew into a major flashback ( most of the film is present as such ) , he came in everi now and then , and rare ad anyth of interest to the plot . 
all he seem to do wa swear and call peopl the c-word umpteen time , and even describ one scene as it wa happen ( `` . . . so 
i open the door , then went up the lift , etc . . . . `` -it 's 
like , yeah , i know that alreadi , i could see it on the screen ! ! 
overdon . ) . 
i also did n't quit `` buy `` the end of the movi , which despit be origin , seem a littl unbeliev , especi when you consid that it 's suppos to be take place 30 year later , and folk still seem to be hold grudg , still in love , still live in the same apart ? ? ! ? 
i mean , c'mon . . . it 's 30 year , man ! ! 
i do n't know , somehow it did n't work all that well for me . 
but one of my favorit genr ha alway been the crime movi , and thi one is a decent addit to the lot . 
forget the lame titl and malcolm mcdowel 's narrat of the obviou plot point , and concentr on the film 's stronger attribut such as it style , the exquisit atmospher of the time period , it origin look at the gangster dynam within the same group , it memor sequenc and the solid perform from it two main lead , bettani and thewli . 
incident , unlik a few of the gangster flick that i mention below , thi one is in no way a parodi or homag to thi genr of film . . . it 's the real deal ! 
note : thi film is pack with strong accent all around , which make it hard to make out some of the word from time to time . 
it 's also quit violent and i do n't rememb ani film that use the c-word as much as thi one , so leav the kid at home for thi one . . . 
; ) 
where 's joblo come from ? 
american psycho ( 10/10 ) - a clockwork orang ( 9/10 ) - donni brasco ( 8/10 ) - fight club ( 10/10 ) - get carter ( 7/10 ) - godfath ( 10/10 ) - godfath ii ( 10/10 ) - goodfella ( 10/10 ) - lock , stock & two smoke barrel ( 8/10 ) - pulp fiction ( 8/10 ) - reservoir dog ( 9/10 ) 
