my filmcrit . com 
colleagu norm schrager nail session 9 , brad anderson 's throwback to spooki horror film from the 70 's . 
it work as an eeri homag without be self-referenti or smugli postmodern . 
genr aficionado will acknowledg the similar in tone to stanley kubrick 's the shine and georg romero 's dawn of the dead without be taken out of the engross narr ( i . e . , a psycholog addl wast manag team clear out an abandon lunat asylum ; unspeak dread ensu ) . 
in a double-whammi for 2001 , anderson shoot and ( mostli ) score again with hi eclect riff on time-travel episod from the twilight zone , appropri titl happi accid . 
much like session 9 , the card are play veri close to the vest here . 
is boyish , eccentr `` sam deed from dubuqu , iowa `` a futurist voyag from the year 2470 or just your run-of-the-mil psycholog disturb nutcas let loos on the present-day street of nyc ? 
as play by wonder charact actor vincent d'onofrio ( full metal jacket ) , it 's up in the air whether or not we should accept hi detail monologu about life after the polar ice cap have melt . 
the question prove to be moot , at least for a time . 
even if the whole thing prove to be a creativ delus , one agre with the charact judgment pass down on him by hi new girlfriend , rubi ( marisa tomei ) : `` he 's a freak , but he sure tell a good stori ! `` 
neurot rubi think she may have found true love after a seri of nightmarish date disast ( the junki , the fetishist , the artist , the frenchman , etc . ) , but is n't quit sure how to handl `` sam deed `` when he start explain the barcod on hi arm , hi elabor construct fake ident , hi patholog fear of dog , hi abil to speak five differ languag , and hi mission to chang a crucial moment in time that may have ramif on time 's altern realiti . 
( do n't ask . ) 
it 's all a bit much to take in . 
rubi 's close friend gretchen ( cuz ya ca n't have a love stori without the token friend , though nadia dajani invest the thankless role with warmth ) chalk it up as a sexi role-play game , but her cautiou therapist ( holland taylor ) warn her that co-depend is rear it ugli head again and she 's in over her head with yet anoth doom relationship . 
who ya gon na believ ? 
despit her win an academi award , marisa tomei ha alway struck me as an annoy and unwelcom screen presenc , one that undermin the pleasur of watch happi accid . 
her brassi new yawk attitud never realli mesh with her desper desir to appear `` cute `` to her ador fan . 
be loud and flash a ( disingenu ) smile doe not necessarili equal `` substanti and sexi . `` 
it take more than a crack team of hair and wardrob peopl to imbu her with person . 
then there 's that damn voic , which strain to be oh-so-ador . 
look , thi stuff is pure subject . 
some peopl feel thi way about richard gere , other can not bear to watch robin william ' hyperact schtick . 
for my money , it 's m . tomei with a bullet . 
happi accid is a romant comedi filter through twelv monkey ( or , more appropri , chri marker 's la jete , especi with those still frame `` memori `` photograph anderson employ as a stylist devic throughout ) . 
modern manhattan is film with an otherworldli , vagu alien eye with a color scheme oddli reminisc of logan 's run . 
as the stranger in a strang land , d'onofrio walk slightli out-of-step , wonder affabl but often inscrut with hi wayward express and bemus detach . 
thi is scienc fiction told mainli via the power of suggest ( though it often fall into the sci-fi trap of have entir too much forc exposit -- we want deed , not word ! ) 
at least twenti minut too long , happi accid eventu get around to a race-against-tim scenario that put `` sam deed `` to the ultim test . 
no movi can live in ambigu forev , but anderson seem termin unabl to provid satisfactori conclus to hi otherwis well structur recent narr . 
( let 's pretend the loathsom and predict next stop wonderland never happen , shall we ? ) 
there are also some slow , repetit stretch as rubi and sam go over the same argument again and again over whether or not he 's crazi . 
the premis is strong enough to sustain interest , but it 's enough to throw a nod in the gener direct of rod serl for wrap up hi idea in half-hour time slot , commerci includ . 
