avail for rental - octob 12 , 1999 
10 thing i hate about you is an updat of the classic play , the tame of the shrew . 
that said , drop ani pre-conceiv notion of what shakespear 's work is suppos to be like and welcom yourself to padua high school , home of a student counselor ( allison janney ) who obsess over the male peni ; a slightli too hip and racist african-american english teacher ( daryl mitchel ) ; a new kid name cameron ( joseph gordon-levitt ) ; a model name joey ( andrew keegan ) , the subject of cameron and joey 's crush ; bianca ( larisa oleynik ) ; and bianca 's sister - the shrew ( julia stile in a marvel perform ) - whose name is katarina , kat for short . 
with movi about high school similar to these run through projector like water down the nile , it would be quit easi to write off 10 thing i hate about you as just anoth doltish comedic-rom . 
yet , you must realiz that the stori is timeless , and a few hundr year later it is equal as witti and comic as when elizabeth gleefulli look on , groundl below and stuf brassier on stage . 
the first remind of the origin scribe can be found in katarina and bianca 's last name : stratford . 
their famili is run by walter stratford ( pretti woman 's larri miller ) , a doctor who is all too familiar with teenag pregnanc and guard hi children accordingli . 
in what he think to be a moment of iron humor , the famili `` no date `` polici is amend to `` bianca can date . . . when 
[ katarina ] doe . `` 
with prom just ahead , bianca 's fate is grim ; unless , of cours , she can tame the shrew . 
do n't think thi mission to be a simpl one , as bianca kindli point out , her sister `` . . . is a particularli hideou breed of loser . `` 
get katarina to date is complex and oftentim confus . 
when cameron , who like bianca , learn of her father 's new rule , he is quick to consult a friend for advic . 
the scheme they dream up is to fulli exploit `` someon with money . `` 
in thi case , that is joey - the other guy with a crush on bianca . 
cameron 's friend , a loser by teenag verdict , convinc joey to pay someon who ha enough gut to take the shrew out . 
the solut lie no farther away than the second blatant remind of the master scribe : patrick verona ( heath ledger ) . 
thi verona is far from fair ; rumor ha it that he previous laid hi scene in prison . 
moreov , katarina openli opin to the aforement english teacher that `` hemingway wa an alcohol who hung around picasso , hope to nail hi leftov . `` 
the law of high school cinema inexor turn patrick and katarina into romeo and juliet . 
provid a constant remind of the fact that thi is n't exactli what shakespear had in mind are the element obligatori to a high school comedi : a parti pollut with liquor , a best friend 's betray , and prom . 
it is the latter that ha becom infam for close film like drive me crazi , american pie , never been kiss , carri , she 's all that , and ca n't hardli wait . 
yet sure even these practic have root in shakespear ; falstaff wa a drunk , romeo and juliet met at a parti , and caesar learn about loyalti the hard way . 
