the verdict : spine-chil drama from horror maestro stephen king , featur an outstand , oscar-win perform from kathi bate . 
geez , french and saunder had a field day when they set to work on parodi thi ! 
sorri , non-british reader may not be familiar with french and saunder - my apolog . 
the pair are british comedienn ( jennif saunder later went on to becom edina monsoon in `` absolut fabul `` ) , who did a seri of film spoof a few year back , includ alien , the exorcist and miseri . 
needless to say , amidst her chucklesom imperson of kathi bate ( the resembl wa quit uncanni ! ) , dawn french got pretti nasti with her sledgehamm when in reach of jennif saunder 's leg ! 
but despit the linger memori of their sketch , and although i 've now seen the film a coupl of time now , that `` hobbl `` scene wa no less disturb ! 
i 'm still left scream at the telli in revuls ! 
that may be the most memor scene , but it 's certainli not the onli worth watch . 
stephen king , whose film and tv adapt tend to vari in qualiti , strike gold with thi simpl yet strikingli compel tale . 
it 's a nice craft psycholog horror , which effortlessli succe in draw you into the plight of writer phil sheldon ( jame caan ) . 
rescu from a car accid by anni wilk ( bate ) , who introduc herself as the writer 's `` number one fan `` , he soon becom her prison . 
both the script and kathi bate ' beauti master perform ( for which she won an oscar ) work arm-in-arm as we quickli begin to realis that beyond her bubbl exterior the woman is basic as nutti as a fruit-cak ( or is that fruiti as a nut-cak ? ) . 
bate relish her demand role , and her perform is noth short of a masterpiec . 
at time she seem like an innoc victim of her own obsess behaviour , at time she 's a rather tragic charact , and more often than not she 's just damn scari ! 
thi is basic a veri simpl tale , but it achiev a larg degre of eloqu in it simplic . 
it 's an involv , engross experi - and consid it 's basic a two-hand , mainli set in one local , it 's a remark piec of cinema . 
there are no jazzi special effect or cheesi action sequenc - thi one reli sole upon rob reiner 's stylish direct and the wonder perform of bate and caan . 
oh , i have n't realli mention caan yet - he doe a good job as the writer who 's a prison of hi own success ( anni is obsess with him and hi book ) . 
but , as you no doubt gather from the abov - bate is well and truli the star of the show . 
along with the pig , of cours ! 
anyway , the tension is built-up with master aplomb , and some scene are almost agonisingli tens . 
there 's the dinner scene where seldon goe to nerve-shatt length to poison her wine . 
he succe , but . . . she 
knock the glass over ! 
i bet you threw a pillow at the screen as well ! 
in the immort word of homer j . simpson - `` d'oh ! ! `` 
other nerve-wrack scene includ the bit where anni ha gone off to town and sheldon start snoop around the hous . 
we cut to anni in her car - she 's on her way home . . . he 
realis thi and tri to get back to hi room . . . cut 
to the car again , she 's get near . . . will he make it ? 
ok , so these sequenc are n't exactli origin , nor perhap unpredict - but they work ! 
boy , do they work ! 
if a film ha you on the edg of your couch , bite your nail and shout at the screen in suspens , then it 's do someth right ! 
of cours , the most nauseat sequenc is the aforement `` hobbl `` ! 
anni realis her captiv ha been out of hi room , and she 's go to stop him onc and for all . 
cue a block of wood place strateg between hi ankl and a huge sledgehamm , and . . . i feel ill just think about it ! 
nasti . 
it all build up nice to the final scene where sheldon final get the upper hand , and onc and for all tri to kill the crazi psycho ! 
and then we 're given one of the most ridicul over-the-top fight scene i 've ever seen . 
she get hit over the head with a typewrit , set on fire , head smash against the wall - and she just wo n't die ! 
sheldon is n't in terribl good shape either . 
if it were n't so gorey it would almost be laughabl . 
but it 's a terrif effect film , and therefor the daft climax is easili overlook . 
miseri is a tight , tens , intens and chillingli entertain thriller . 
the direct is first-rat , and the perform - bate in particular - contribut to make thi a suitabl nightmarish littl gem . 
wonder stuff . 
? - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - for more regularly-upd film and tv review , check out my site ! 
http : //www . geociti . com/hollywood/bungalow/4960 
- * - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - 
