citi of angel is the kind of love stori that i enjoy the most : thought-provok , move , and complet unsentiment . 
i find it interest that thi film ha been releas the same day as my giant , which is a film that is undon complet by it wretch sentiment . 
citi of angel is a wonder film , enhanc by interest and well-round charact and some of the most immers imageri of the last coupl of year . 
it 's a love stori that take the familiar angel theme and make them new and necessari to the stori , and avoid most of the clich we 're so use to see in film like thi . 
citi of angel is an appar loos remak of wim wender ' 1988 film wing of desir . 
i have yet to see wing of desir , so i am , unfortun , unabl to make a comparison of the two . 
i have heard , howev , that citi of angel is dissimilar from the origin in numer way , which make me glad that thi film is n't a rip-off of it sourc materi . 
nicola cage star as seth , an angel who , like all of hi angel counterpart , is present to lead the die to heaven ( or somewher just like it ) . 
one day , he is forc to take the life of a patient of dr . maggi rice ( meg ryan ) , and hi attent is call to her . 
the angel can make themselv seen to human , but they ca n't experi ani of the sens ( most importantli , touch ) . 
he show himself to maggi , and she fall for him , unawar that he is slightli unavail becaus of hi apparit statu . 
seth want to becom human so he can feel her . 
that 's when he meet nathaniel messing ( denni franz ) , `` former celesti messeng and recent addit to the human race . `` 
( as a side note , i found messing to be the most fascin charact , for i can onli imagin how incred liber it must be to live know what lie beyond death . ) 
messing explain to seth that it is possibl for angel to becom human . 
seth manag to convinc maggi that he is an angel ( i know , it sound ridicul , but the scene in which she find out is except well-don ) ; after much deliber , she tell him that she could onli be with a man who can feel . 
thi , of cours , is when seth decid to take the plung ( liter ) from a build ; when he wake up from the fall , he is human , and happi to feel what it 's like to have a split lip and blood ooz from hi forehead . 
sinc i love thi film so much , i 'll make a minor note that it certainli is n't perfect . 
although it is origin and mesmer , it doe fall prey to a few of the clich of the genr . 
the plot of the stori by writer dawn steel is rather formula ( though the detail are what make the stori excel , and steel ha done a great job with them ) . 
the end , too , could have been more power and less predict . 
these element are minor , though , and bare detract from my overal enjoy of citi of angel . 
the act is superb from everyon involv . 
thi is perhap my second-favorit perform from cage ( my favorit be the rock ) . 
he 's quiet and pensiv , and hi eye are engag when he speak hi softly-ton word . 
he 's perfect for a role like thi , and at the same time he reassur us he 's not bound by play the psycho ( though he is good at it , as he show in face/off ) . 
meg ryan is a power , entic , and appealingly-chirpi actress , and her work here is some of her best . 
denni franz , howev , steal all of hi scene as the energet former-angel . 
what i admir most about citi of angel is it overal present . 
director brad silberl is a talent man , and he know that a stori like thi is driven by the charact , rather than forc sentiment . 
hi direct is steadi , and he show thi in just about everi scene : near the begin , maggi ha to tell a mother and her two children that their father is dead . 
there is no music or elabor camera work ; we simpli see the reaction of the charact to the inform . 
thi is the way stori should be told , and the strength of scene reson more complet when the emot are real . 
the film also appeal to the sens in a way that few love stori do . 
cinematograph john seal ( the english patient ) provid some of the most stun imag i 've seen on the big screen : hundr of black-clad angel stand on a dim beach in the earli morn hour ( just as an exampl ) . 
the music , by gabriel yare ( also of the english patient ) , is perfect for thi film : it 's quiet and moodi music ( but not sentiment ! ) , and add to the atmospher and tone nice . 
the visual present of citi of angel is easili the best of 1998 so far . 
all of thi add up to a film that is instantli set apart from other member of thi genr . 
it 's a film that reli on charact develop and imageri to get the stori across -- the excel actor and the profession product valu make citi of angel one of those rare film that both entertain and instig thought simultan . 
