`` well thi is not mission : difficult , mr . hunt , it 's mission : imposs . 
difficult should be a walk in the park for you . `` 
-- -agent swanbeck ( sir anthoni hopkin ) , the seri ' new agent phelp , take ethan hunt ( tom cruis ) down a notch . 
a russian scientist ( rade serbedzija ) ha creat a new viru ( and it antidot ) call chimera that destroy it host within twenti hour of inject . 
a rogu imf agent , sean ambros ( dougray scott ) , want to use the diseas and cure to blackmail a pharmaceut compani into sell him enough stock to make him owner of the compani ( he know it will soon be worth it weight in gold thank to the outbreak of the viru he is go to caus ) . 
pose as ethan hunt , ambros gain the confid of the scientist long enough to get onli the cure , not realiz that the scientist had inject himself with the viru to prevent exactli what ambros wa tri to do . 
the real ethan hunt is call in from hi vacat to persuad beauti thief nyah nordoff-hal ( thandi newton ) to assist the imf team in retriev the stolen good . 
ethan and nyah fall quickli in love , but ethan soon find himself in a real dilemma when he learn that hi new love ha onli been hire becaus she wa a former lover of ambros 's . 
reluctantli , he set up nyah to be rescu from prison by ambros so she can infiltr hi compound and send back intellig to the team . 
ethan must race against time to keep ambros from obtain and spread the viru and prevent ani harm from come to nyah . 
although the first mission : imposs film wa a moder box offic success , audienc pan it becaus they felt the plot wa too confus and there wa n't much action ( although be a fan of the seri both old and new , i thought the movi wa pretti decent and especi gutsi to make phelp a bad guy ) . 
that problem ha been rectifi in the sequel by make the plot more access ( courtesi of one of the writer of the previou entri , robert town ) and by turn the film into one gigant action set piec under the steadi hand of action film guru john woo . 
the end result is one of the most entertain ( yet simpl ) action film made in a long while . 
unfortun , the first forti minut or so are rel slow , dwell mainli on ethan and nyah 's quickli blossom romanc and seem more in place in a jame bond film than with the less glamor mission : imposs tv seri . 
ethan 's conflict is a compel one , but it seem veri rush ( and come about becaus of a near fatal car wreck that ethan himself caus ! ) . 
john woo handl all of thi with an artist flair that seem out of place , featur a great deal of slow fade and dramat frame close-up . 
the surreal natur of these sequenc are distract and ultim a detriment to the film . 
thank though , at the point ambros discov nyah 's decept , mission : imposs ii becom veri entertain and action-pack . 
robert town 's screenplay take some of the convent set up in the first film and parodi them dure a sequenc where ethan must break into a high-ris build and retriev the remain specimen of the viru . 
after that , the action scene just begin to build in intens , as is the case with mani of woo 's previou high-octan film . 
the final half hour is an all out assault of action ( a good deal of which is ruin by the trailer , unfortun ) . 
as far as summer entertain goe , mission : imposs ii is servic fare . 
anyon look for hardcor action wo n't be disappoint ( except for dure the first half of the film , perhap ) . 
even if you were n't a fan of the first film , thi entri deserv some check out . 
[ pg-13 ] 
