bob the happi bastard 's quicki review : 
the mummi 
brendan fraser 's stuck in the past again , but at least thi time he ha someth better to do than to quot sitcom line and tri to woo alicia silverston . . . 
fraser is the lead star of the mummi , the second directori effort from action director stephen sommer ( who also brought us the decent thrill ride that wa deep rise ) . 
it 's a rough adapt of the 1932 film , and i say rough becaus it focus more on special effect than on some guy in bandag , like bori karloff wa engulf in . 
but who care , the movi ha a sort of swashbuckl qualiti to it you ca n't get from , oh , say , godzilla or armageddon . 
fraser play a soldier who get a premonit dure a battl with soldier in an egyptian ground . 
basic , it 's a littl sign from the mummi buri underneath- a priest name ihmoetep who wa buri aliv for take part of murder the king and make out with hi mistress . 
hi plan- wake back up and wake her up also , make him invinc . 
of cours , fraser return to the site year later with a librarian ( rachel weisz ) and her brother ( john hanna ) , along with a former buddi of hi ( deep rise 's kevin j . o'connor ) and some `` american `` . . . and 
guess what ? 
yup , ihmoetep ( arnold vosloo ) awaken and wreak havoc . 
fire fli from the sky , flesh-eat beetl crawl about , and , well , ihmoetep 's plan begin to unfold . 
ok , so it 's not realli all that new a stori , but the way sommer tell it is entertain enough . 
the special effect from industri light and magic are top notch , and the act from fraser and weisz is n't half bad either . 
the action is pretti intens ( favorit scene : the sandstorm ) and there are a few shock scene just to jolt you horror-lov folk as well . 
no , it 's no phantom menac beater , but if you 're look for a solid warm-up to the summer movi season , you wo n't find a better film under wrap than the mummi . 
if thi doe n't give fraser forgiv from blast from the past and encino man , then noth will . 
