thi is the movi not the perfum . 
a slow move , stylish psycholog thriller in imit of hitchcock 's vertigo . 
it is adapt from an origin stori by brian de palma and paul schrader , and is direct by de palma and script by schrader . 
set in new orlean , 1959 , it show the wealthi michael courtland ( cliff robertson ) sit on top of the world , celebr hi tenth wed anniversari with a parti in hi mansion , as hi love wife elizabeth ( genevi ? ve bujold ) and young daughter ami ( blackman ) , both look up to him beam with joy . 
hi real-est develop partner bob la sall ( john lithgow ) propos a toast to him and to their prosper busi , while hi high societi friend give him their best wish . 
upon retir for the night , hi daughter and wife are kidnap in their bedroom and he is left with a ransom note to deliv $ 500 , 000 tomorrow or they will be kill . 
inspector brie ( stanley rey ) come up with a plan to put in phoni money and a transmitt in the briefcas exchang , as that will lead them to the kidnapp . 
but the kidnapp burst out of the hous surround by the polic , take the two victim with them and in the pursu polic chase , the kidnapp 's car explod and goe over the bridg , where none of the bodi were found . 
griev the loss of hi wife and child , the guilt-ridden michael build them a tomb on the expens land they were to develop . 
sixteen year later he goe with hi partner bob on a vacat and he revisit florenc , itali , where he met hi wife . 
when he goe to the church where they met , he see a young girl who look exactli like hi wife . 
her name is sandra portinari ( genevi ? ve bujold ) and she 's work there restor art that is decay . 
he fall instantli in love with her and doe n't heed bob 's warn that she might be a gold digger and decid to take her back to new orlean and marri her . 
sandra becom hi second chanc to prove hi love , as he think he can final put the past behind him . 
the surpris to come were n't realli all that surpris , as the beauti in the storytel is almost exclus in the underst act by the soul stricken cliff robertson , the emot impact perform by genevi ? ve bujold , and the compet act of john lithgow . 
it play too much like a rehash of the master 's work , to break ani new ground , yet it is still thrill in it own way . 
