let me open thi one with a confess : i love cop movi . 
i ador them with such an unwav , near foolish passion that i wa actual one of the first in line to see 1998 's one tough cop star the smirkiest of the baldwin brother , steven . 
wa it ani good ? 
well , just about as good as baldwin 's steven seagal impress ( for those i 've confus the answer is a resound no ! ) . 
now let me clarifi , i do n't love just ani cop movi ; i 'm not too keen on the smug buddi cop flick that were so in vogu in the 80 's and now slowli ( gulp ) return thank to jacki chan and chri tucker . 
i 'm partial to those gritti , earthi cop drama like serpico , donni brasco , and the french connect . 
problem is these film come along just about as often as georg w . bush make a cogent point so whenev a `` true `` cop movi doe hit multiplex , i come run toward it like an eager puppi ? ? ? and inevit i leav , head bow , trip over my squiggli tail . 
so what is it about cop movi that transform me into a moron will to shell out $ 7 . 50 for a movi call one tough cop ( which actual sound a lot like a wiseguy spin-off , no ? ) ? 
truth is i 'm a sucker for those barren street , that gritti , graffiti strewn modernist jungl where danger crimin lurk and cop , like modern day knight , must shield us from their iniquit clutch . 
ye it 's all veri corni and aw boy clubish , which , i 'm guess , is precis where these feel come from . 
as littl tot us boy are brought up to creat our own war with gi joe 's , enact cop and robber or cowboy and indian fantasi , etc . the best gritti cop film tap into those gleeful adolesc fantasi , and heighten them , turn it all into an existenti nightmar of thin moral line and psycholog chao . 
as an adult my tast have n't chang all that drastic ; sure i can get a cerebr high from the emot complex of a krzysztof kieslowski film , but i still delight at the promis a `` guy `` film could potenti bring . 
now what if it 's the cop who 're the corrupt one ? 
ooh that one realli get me go , these protector use all that at their servic , take advantag of other for their own gain . 
throw a courtroom drama ( yech ! ) 
into the pot and you have the tremend absorb sidney lumet film princ of the citi . 
how absorb is princ of the citi , you ask ? 
so damn absorb that when the film shift from gritti undercov cop drama to courtroom drama ( a sub-genr i loath the way kristi swanson must loath sarah michel gellar ) i remain complet and utterli involv . 
the film star treat william , who give the kind of perform that should have skyrocket hi career up to the level that brad pitt current resid at . 
sinc i wa hatch a mere two year prior to the releas of princ of the citi , i can not provid an answer as to whi it did n't . 
( though judg from hi recent role in tripe like deep rise and dead heat i would guess that it probabl ha someth to do with quit a few bad career move ) . 
like mickey rourk and eric robert ( both of whom are current do time in direct to video purgatori ) william is a talent lead man who did n't make it to where he should have . 
( if there wa ani justic in thi dog gone world keanu reev would be the one banish to direct to video hell ) . 
here , the actor is given a role not all that dissimilar from al pacino 's in serpico ( also direct by lumet ) . 
william play danni ciello , a member of an elit squad of polic offic who take down drug dealer on the gritti pre-juliani street of new york . 
they work without uniform or hour much like paid vigilant . 
and that analog is more than apt see as how the bunch are kinda sorta forc into use corrupt mean to get the job done . 
the squad reli entir on inform ( low level junki ) to gain access to the big wig , and in order to obtain the info they seek , they sometim have to provid the junki with the junk of their choic . 
danni ha done thi , and though he 's a fairli honor guy , who took the job in order to do good , hi intent have gotten a bit skew along the way . 
he seek redempt and conclud that the best way to go about get it is by talk to intern affair who then convinc him to go undercov as a `` doubl agent `` . 
he doe so with one condit : he will not rat on hi partner . 
right away we know that that is exactli what he 'll have to do . 
and watch the movi build to that is thrill in the way that ani great charact driven stori can be . 
undercov cop film are almost innat excit , even the kind that pull out all the clich ( like in too deep ) . 
how can one not be move by the issu of betray , ambigu , and the danger in put oneself in such a riski posit ? 
princ of the citi take all thi and charg it with a percept , hard boil script and taut unintrus direct by old pro sidney lumet , as well as a hand of intens perform , most notabl by treat . 
lumet 's greatest contribut to the movi is how he lay back , and let the camera soak up the action . 
hi scene transit rapidli from one to the next build layer of tension , and he rare hold for reaction shot , instead he click away at precis the moment a charact stop yak . 
lumet 's worst tendenc is one that mani film maker ( especi oliv stone ) tend to overus : he reli a littl too heavili on actor shout their line at each other presum in order to ratchet up the tension . 
thi is n't as much a problem here as it wa in night fall on manhattan , lumet 's most recent cop \ lawyer endeavor , a movi that nearli gave me an ulcer from just watch . 
though of late lumet ha made sever realli aw career choic ( mayb he and treat should get togeth for a drink or someth ) , the most recent a complet unnecessari remak of gloria , here he wa on , sustain tension in a film that run for 167 minut with not one dull spot . 
some of the formula pictur i like the best are the most simplist . 
hollywood often forget how easi it is to make these kind of pictur even toler . 
of cours cop movi are n't popular anymor ( ye buddi cop flick are popular but those are more like extend sitcom with gunfir amid the punch line ) , but just look at the averag hollywood action movi , flick so bloat and full of unnecessari fat like the bore love interest that serv no purpos other than to stall the action and demonstr that our hero is n't gay , the lame comic relief charact who 's never funni , and on and on . 
for all it moral ambigu princ of the citi is a back to the basic cop \ courtroom drama that leav out all the crap and realli thrill . 
it focus complet on it stori , and it charact all of whom are complet believ from the cop to the lawyer to the junki . 
there 's a great scene earli on where an irat william shout at an ia offic and look as if he 's about to go into one of those corni braveheart inspir speech , but instead he break down in front of the cop and begin sob . 
thi is a scene that would never make it into a michael bay film ( even though bruce willi sacrific hi life at the end of armageddon , not one damn tear ) it would be cut out becaus the director would say oh that make him too human , excus me , weak . 
in the veri next scene danni speak in a hush raspi , strain to get the word out . 
he 's lost hi voic . 
doe that littl itti bitti detail matter ? 
mayb not to most , but it sure made my night . 
and in a sprawl epic of corrupt , greed , betray and violenc it 's nice to see that someon is pay attent to the littl thing . 
