the soldier of three king have taken their cue from movi about vietnam . 
( fit , sinc the media-satur gulf war becam a pop entertain . ) 
while drive through a long , flat iraqi desert ( in a humve with a bart simpson hood ornament ) , one of the men under special forc sgt . 
maj . archi gate ' ( who 's steer ) command request a beach boy tune . 
these men want their apocalyps now moment , onli instead of surf , they bop to the music and skeet shoot out the back of the vehicl , arm with automat rifl . 
our three king ( okay , four ) are good fighter , but they do n't necessarili take oper desert storm seriously-it 's a repriev from their hellish day job . 
they are gate , new father sgt . 
troy barlow ( wahlberg ) , sgt . 
chief elgin ( cube ) , and pvt . 
conrad vig ( music video director jonz ) . 
at stori 's start , presid bush ha declar a ceasefir , and american troop are tie up loos end . 
barlow , elgin , and vig discov dure a round up of iraqi captiv an `` ass-map `` that point to a bunker fill with gold bullion . 
gate leav hi jurisdict to command the situat ; he proposes-demands-that barlow , elgin , and vig join him on a treasur hunt . 
ditch hi escort , a relentless report name adriana cruz ( nora dunn ) , is easi . 
so is find the treasur , until the four men realiz the magnitud of discord still breath in iraq : saddam 's men are threaten the dictat 's detractor ( citizen of hi own countri ) with violenc . 
when gate and compani arriv at the bunker with a stolen truck , readi to loot , the unarm rebel want help . 
( bush encourag them to rise up against the govern , but provid no militari support for such caus . ) 
gate convinc the vault 's guard that thi is a post-war mission , and even accept their assist in load the truck . 
the situat could go off without a hitch : the former enemi bear no grudg . 
but the money hungri gate ha a conscienc , and when one femal bystand is shot by a sadist grunt befor these american have left the scene , he order barlow , elgin and vig to open fire on the surround arab forc . 
the result : barlow is kidnap , and the filmmak impli that these would-b king are see more action than they ever did dure wartim . 
barlow is eventu lock in a dank room and wire up to a shock devic . 
hi interrog lost hi famili to the bomb , and he want barlow to imagin the demis of hi own wife and child . 
( he doe , in chill , last imag . ) 
i like these scene best , becaus the polit becam person . 
it 's one thing to champion the plight of thousand ; it 's anoth to see a ceil cave in atop a babi in a crib . 
russel ha shock us befor : hi first film , spank the monkey , is about a young man 's affair with hi bedridden mother . 
( it 's great . ) 
hi second , flirt with disast , featur a charact who ha an armpit fetish . 
one could argu that it 's easier to make an audienc react to such sexual devianc than explos , though ; russel disturb us in three king by be no-nonsens about the violenc . 
when barlow conjur the deton of hi suburban home , russel mute the sound-w 're pay attent to the debri instead of thx bombast . 
three king is russel 's first visual arrest pictur . 
stylist , it stand apart from other war drama . 
newton thoma sigel 's cinematographi of the exterior is overexpos and extrem graini , which is , of cours , entir appropri . 
one practic break out in sweat stare at the screen . 
( a friend enthusiast ad , `` it 's like have sand in your eye . `` ) 
thi also help to blur the fact that the actual locat are far remov from the persian gulf facad . 
( three king wa shot in arizona , california , and mexico . ) 
russel throw plenti at sigel 's camera for it to observe-a wa the case with russel 's previou effort , the most absurd moment are also the film 's most realist , even the most poignant . 
( we watch a bullet punctur an organ from the insid . ) 
if anyth , three king settl down and stop surpris us . 
it climax is pure hollywood , no doubt the answer to whi a major studio felt comfort get into bed with the indie-mind russel . 
subsequ , the charact becom more cartoonish-barlow 's post-tortur revelri felt phoni , and chief , a strong presenc in the first third , fail to escap the god-fearing-ultra-serious-anti-racist-black-man-of-pow clich ? -so much for cube avoid token statu . 
( the arab player , on the other hand , duck stereotyp . ) 
clooney , too , transform into a blandli heroic protestor-march with the rebel , i wait for him to shout , `` let my peopl go ! `` 
hayse vig notwithstand , the protagonist are veri intellig , and self-serv , too ; i had a glimmer of hope , base on russel 's filmographi , that our antihero would revert to their greedi selv at some junctur . 
( it 's not spoil much to write that . ) 
then again , what histor import would such nasti serv ? 
( there 's alreadi enough cynic in the film 's mention of kuwait 's oil-infest water . ) 
russel offer the mass a primer on the oft-dismiss gulf conflict , and pull off a neat trick : a war tale full of battl that take place after a truce ha been declar . 
if he set out to make someth socially/culturally/politically/glob signific , he succeed . 
with flair . 
