note : some may consid portion of the follow text to be spoiler . 
be forewarn . 
jame toback 's return to direct after a eight-year layoff , two girl and a guy , is a film which is compris , more or less , of just that : one guy , blake ( robert downey jr . ) ; two girl , carla ( heather graham ) and lou ( natasha gregson wagner ) ; one primari set ( blake 's absurdli spaciou bachelor apart ) , and a great deal of dialogu . 
embrac a near real-tim approach , thi is a highli theatric featur that complet hang upon the perform of it three actor and the qualiti of the dialogu written by mr . toback for hi banter charact . 
fortun , the film 's cast is up to the challeng , and the wordi exchang between the triad of charact , while admittedli variabl , are occasion wickedli amus . 
the film 's setup is fairli gener in natur , and open rather unpromisingli . 
we meet self-possess blond carla and feisti brunett lou , both wait outsid a soho loft . 
as they engag in idl chatter , it is reveal that they 're both wait for their respect boyfriend to return from the airport , and it doe n't take long for them to come to the realis that they 're be two-tim by the same guy . 
more indign with him than catti with each other , the duo break into blake 's loft and await hi arriv for a confront . 
it 's when blake return to hi abod where the film hit it stride . 
play with magnific bombast by mr . downey jr . , blake is a cad , all right , but a captivatingli dynam , bluster , and stealthi piec of work that burst onto the scene and rais the stake to new height . 
it 's fascin to watch thi charact in hi natur habitat , and perhap the film 's best choic wa to have hi two girlfriend scamper off into hide upon hi return , allow us to size up blake not with hi interact with other , but by hi own innat behaviour . 
whether he 's flamboyantli behind hi piano in a rollick rendit of vivaldi , or on the phone leav messag to hi belov ( carla , lou , and hi unseen sickli mother ) , it 's never less than wildli entertain and insight . 
though at thi point i almost hope the film would transform into a one-man show -- a typic afternoon in the life of blake , if you will -- carla , and then lou , reveal themselv , and the spark begin to fli . 
( one of the great touch in the film is how blake , when startl by carla 's unannounc appear , begin to both verbal and physic backped even befor he realiz that the cat 's out of the bag . ) 
double-team by the understand aggriev women ( who are more smirkingli inquisit than feroci veng -- they want a justif for hi ongo hypocrisi ) , an increasingly-flust blake weakli defend himself with apologet and even self-right declar against their verbal jab . 
surprisingli delight in the waltz of scath witti banter share by it trio of charact , two girl and a guy conclud it first sequenc with an unexpect apoplect act of such outrag audac that it seem noth wa off-limit for thi film . 
howev , it 'd be unfeas to attempt to string along carla and lou 's outrag to full feature-length , and it 's as the movi gradual transform into the share of exploratori profund on the natur of fidel and relationship that it slowli but sure begin to unravel . 
the dialogu becom less and less engag and clever , the film 's tempo lose it liveli , the dynam between the charact evolv in unconvinc fashion , and sever sequenc fall flat . 
subtl and not-quite-subtl allus are made ( a poster of jule et jim hang promin on the wall ) , and secret are reveal which barrel the film toward an uncompel weepi final . 
one key turn point in the film is the kinki sex scene between blake and carla . 
two girl and a guy wa embroil in a bitter , long-run disput with the mpaa with regard to thi scene -- contractually-oblig to deliv an r-rate film , mr . toback wa forc to resubmit fourteen scaled-down version of the steami interlud befor the mpaa withdrew their nc-17 rate in favour of an r -- and while admittedli titil , the net effect of the vignett on the film 's themat narr is rather dubiou . 
if anyth , two girl and a guy serv as a showcas for the phenomen talent of mr . downey jr . , whose versatil is put to the test in thi film . 
he play the gamut from indign to humbl , from self-assur to disconcert , yet hi act gear shift so smoothli as to not be regist . 
it 's a wonder perform in a role custom-tailor for him ; mr . toback wrote the screenplay in four day shortli after mr . downey jr . wa arrest on drug charg , and it 's hard not to see echo of realiti seep into hi charact -- in a monologu to hi mirror reflect , blake 's self-chid to `` get [ hi ] shit togeth `` is disquiet in it reson . 
while mr . downey jr . 's showstop perform is undoubtedli the primari strength of the film , both actress are solid in more broadly-observ role . 
ms . graham is quickli becom one of america 's more dare actress , involv herself in three success riski project -- two girl and a guy and boogi night are both quit sexual frank , while lost in space ha a screenplay pen by akiva goldsman . 
she 's quit appeal here , play a charact at onc both dainti and sultri . 
meanwhil , ms . gregson wagner initi portray lou with such an unwarr spunk that audienc are like to find it either annoy , or , like me , endear . 
she tone it down substanti as the film progress , but i found her more fun to watch as the artifici excit chatterbox . 
the film wa reportedli shot in eleven day , film mostli in sequenc , and the result artifact of thi rapid shoot are evid throughout . 
two girl and a guy ha an agil , spontan sort of feel , and one sens that mr . toback encourag a good deal of improvis from hi three actor . 
while the film could be transpos directli to the stage more or less intact , it doe n't feel constrict ; the expans apart set is well-us to vari the background , and mr . toback allow hi camera to wander and linger on hi charact in an effect manner . 
two girl and a guy fall short of it potenti , but thank to some stellar work by mr . downey jr . , it 's still often an enjoy , bitingli funni romp , particularli as we watch the surprisingly-resili blake evas tri to ration hi behaviour and even turn the tabl on hi girlfriend . 
`` i 'm an actor , `` he tell them at one point , use the ol ' tried-and-test occupational-hazard defens . 
`` actor lie . `` 
but not , they all seem to agre , denzel washington . 
