well i 'll be damn . . . 
the canadian can make a good movi . 
the world is come to an end . 
we do n't know whi or how , but appar there is no way to stop it . 
the world ha had thi inform for month , as most of the riot and other assort chao ha pass and govern have shut down oper . 
yet for a hand of toronto citizen , life goe on . 
they are n't go crazi or attack peopl in the street . 
instead they are simpli prepar themselv for the end . . . 
some engag in activ they 've alway want to do , some gather with famili and friend , and other just seek to be alon . 
these peopl 's live howev all intersect dure their final six hour . 
writer-director-star don mckellar ha craft a highli uniqu and emot film . 
all of the main charact are compel as they tri and do whatev it is they need to do on their last night on earth . 
craig ( callum keith renni ) tri to fulfil all hi sexual fantasi , a ga compani employe ( david cronenberg ) call everi custom let them know the ga will be flow until the veri end and thank them for their busi , and patrick ( mckellar ) just want to be by himself but is n't have much success . 
even minor charact keep pop up where you least expect them to , tie everyon even closer . 
thing seem a littl hokey toward the begin of the film , but ultim everyth come togeth nice ( although it 's not a happi film . . . 
some moment are understand gut-wrench ) . 
the stori is enhanc by some unexpect humor and veri realist perform , particularli from sandra oh , whose charact is just tri to get home to her husband befor the end . 
i have absolut no problem that the reason for the end of the world is never given , nor doe it bother me that the world is end at exactli 12 midnight ( in toronto anyway ) . 
but i do wonder whi the sun never set . 
come midnight , the sun is still shine brightli . 
mayb the sun is crash into the earth . . . 
who know . 
also , it 's comfort to know that in mankind 's final moment on the planet , peopl will still gang up on the street for the sheer purpos of push over a car or a bu ( that 's not a shot at thi film mind you . . . 
i know peopl are just stupid and truli would be out in the street tip over car ) . 
last night is avail on dvd from univers home video . 
it contain the film in fullscreen format and includ the origin theatric trailer . 
[ r ] 
