gere , willi , poitier chase each other around the world 
the jackal a film review by michael redman copyright 1997 by michael redman 
when the soviet union implod , the western countri lost their shadow . 
with the unit state friendli with the russian , we no longer had an entiti to blame for the world 's problem . 
thi show up in hollywood film as the communist govern wa no longer the easi bad guy . 
it 's time to rejoic becaus we 've found our new villain . 
now it 's no longer the russian govern who send killer out into foreign land , it 's the russian _mafia_ . 
a perfect solut , it combin the dread of organ crime and the still-pres uneasi with the former eastern block countri . 
best of all , the villain are still foreign : fear of the other alway play best . 
so it is a crime lord in moscow that send legendari hitman the jackal ( bruce willi ) to assassin a highli place us govern figur in retali for the death of hi brother dure a nightclub raid . 
the fbi is at a loss as to how to protect the target from someon they 're not sure even exist . 
come to their rescu is former ira oper declan mulqueen ( richard gere ) who is temporarili releas from prison to assist fbi agent carter preston ( sidney poitier ) and russian major valentina koslova ( dian venora ) . 
mulqueen 's ex-girlfriend basqu terrorist isabella ( mathilda may ) is the onli person who ha seen the elus jackal . 
( presum there is an exclus intern terrorist club somewher where the three met . ) 
the film follow two parallel track as the jackal prepar for hi $ 70 million hit and mulqueen attempt to locat him while preston make sure that the irishman doe n't slip away . 
cross numer border and don variou disguis for both himself and hi mini-van , the killer is alway one step ahead of hi pursuer . 
be veri loos base on the same book the 1973 thriller `` the day of the jackal `` , comparison between the two film is inevit . 
there is no doubt that the origin is the better movi , play the stori for suspens rather than the current action/adventur . 
as a mysteri , `` the jackal `` ha enough hole in it to ruin the tale , but if you can accept it for what it is , there 's entertain to be had . 
hole ? let 's see ? a pivot clue for mulqueen is so obscur that he must possess psychic power to pick it up . 
for a 20-year veteran that can command the big buck , the jackal is an incred poor shot . 
the final scene between gere and willi occur in a locat that should be mob with polic , but it 's just the two of them . 
willi ' disguis usual look like bruce willi and are just as interest as val kilmer 's in `` the saint `` . 
( and lest you misunderstand , that 's not a compliment . ) 
but the three star are fun to watch . 
it 's good to see gere in someth other than a busi suit . 
willi ha a mix histori in pick project , but hi charact are alway watchabl . 
poitier is by far the superior actor , but ha limit screen time . 
the problem in logic are flaw , but do n't ruin the experi . 
occasion there are movi that transcend their blemish . 
thi is one of them . 
[ the appear in the 11/20/97 `` bloomington voic `` , bloomington , indiana ] 
