usual when a blockbust come out , it 's load with effect , star , bad script , and plenti of action . 
mysteri men may contain an all-star cast , and efect , but the clever script and charact are what realli work , which is rare to see thi year . 
the film is base upon the comic book seri `` the flame carrot `` by bob burden , in which 3 wan na be super hero tri and fight crime , onli to be out done by the real hero of champion citi , captain amaz ( greg kinnear ) . 
thing go a littl haywir , when the sinist casanova frankenstein ( geoffrey rush ) is releas into the citi , where he captur captain amaz , and plan to wreak havoc upon champion citi . 
well , the trio decid to take matter in their own hand , by save the citi , but first they need some assit . 
thi is where the film take a turn for the better . 
in the beggin , there were onli 3 wan na be hero . 
`` blue raja ( hank azaria ) , `` mr . furiou ( ben stiller ) and `` the shovel ( william h . maci ) . 
sure they were enteratain , but their act grew old fast . 
that is until they aquir `` invis boy `` ( kel mitchel ) , and `` the bowler `` ( janean garafalo ) and `` mr . splein `` ( paul reuben ) , 2 of which rescu the film from becom a disastor mess . 
thank , the origin 3 hero becom amus , with some support of reuben and garfalo on screen . 
the whole premis is rather ridicul , but pack a few punch to keep interest . 
for one , the film is consider clever . 
it liter poke fun at super hero film , like batman and robin , superman etc . in fact , mani scene are similar to batman and robin , includ the open sequenc , onli alter in a humor and superior way . 
a part of the clever come from the cast . 
sometim a film with such talent is overblown , but the act is what keep it aliv here . 
while azaria and maci were enteratin , 2 charact realli stood out . 
one wa paul reuben . 
no matter how disgust or revolt `` mr . splein `` may be , you still ca n't help but laugh . 
it ' so incred moron , it 's just a riot watch reuben reliev himself of bodili function . 
janean garafalo also wa an interest charact . 
she seem to be the most outgo and convinc charact on screem , due to her enthusiasm , that kept the film flow . 
men is worth see alon , for those 2 troubl hero . 
on the downsid , a few of the hero and especi the villain never realli lift off . 
kel mitchel and geoffrey rush , were both utterli useless . 
their part were so limit , they 'd be lucki at all to be on screen for more than 20 minut . 
ben stiller too wa wast , mostli becaus of hi unlik power and dialogu . 
none of these charact get a rise out of anybodi , but happili they are lost in the charm flow of the film . 
as far as the budget goe , it wa wise spent on the cast , not the effect . 
while the set design and action all look nice , i 'm glad there wa a seper aspect , that the film focus on , and for that i applaud . 
slow at time , and rather pointless , mysteri men still deliv . 
it forget about money make , becaus it 's not like to make a bundl like it 's proceed , and that 's what work . 
stupid ? 
mayb , but for onc i 'm not disappoint . 
no one expect an intellig film , but you get a film that wit captur your attent and make you forget thi miser year . 
