befor you read my review , you got ta know that i love woodi allen . 
thi is a veri import note becaus allen 's film are gener an acquir tast and definit not for everyon . 
i know folk who believ him to be a complet geniu , while other see him as a dirti ol ' schnook who keep make the same movi over and over again . 
i love most of hi film , but will admit to have been quit disappoint by hi recent crop dure the 90 . 
in fact , whi he felt the need to make 10 movi in those 10 year is beyond me ! 
if you look at the qualiti of those film , you 'll hear what i 'm say . 
the onli two film of hi that i realli like dure that time were bullet over broadway and husband and wive . 
in fact , i secretli hope that he would take some `` time off `` at the turn of the millennium , just to re-energ or someth , but it doe n't appear as though he ha ani intent of do that . 
so here i am again , review yet anoth woodi allen movi and hope that it bring back the woodi from the day of old . 
plot : the year is 1940 and woodi allen is a top-notch insur investig . 
hi method are veri old-fashion and appar out of date . 
a new employe ( hunt ) ha just been hire to streamlin the oper for greater effici . 
the two do not like each other . 
one night , they are both put under a hypnot tranc by a magician , and unbeknownst to them , place under hi control . 
soon thereaft , jewel are stolen , word of love are exchang and everyon is look for an answer . 
critiqu : a wonder recreat of the 1940 style movi , with the fast-talk witti banter between co-work , a catchi jazz score move thing along , film noirish element such as the veronica lake-typ sexpot , one-lin galor and a fluffi , if inconsequenti plotlin . 
on the downsid , the film actual start off pretti slowli , with the first hour toss onli a few guffaw out there , but never realli gener ani kind of steadi flow or energi . 
the set , on the other hand , were amaz , the product design and costum were perfect , and the cast ideal , so i kept hope that the film would pick up and not turn into yet anoth mediocr outing for the man . 
but it wa n't not long befor i wa fulli engag by the charact , entertain by the mani zinger deliv back-and-forth between allen and hunt , and actual interest in the resolut of the flick . 
i also appreci how allen play the fine line between homag to the film of old , parodi and actual reinvent ( note theron 's entir femal persona that is drench in film noir- veri cool ) . 
of cours , film like thi ( with littl or no real tension in the plot ) need solid actor to keep you interest in the quick-fir dialogu , and onc again , allen doe a great job in play hi charact , who for onc , is n't hi typic new york jewish neurot cheat insecur husband dude . 
he actual play a `` macho `` guy here and handl it pretti well , especi the scene in which he 's hypnot . 
but the bigger surpris for me in thi film wa helen hunt , an actress who i wa openli `` sick of see `` in movi late last year ( sorri babe , you were just in too mani at the same time ! ) . 
anyway , she 's realli great in thi film as the headstrong woman look to a new era of equal amongst men , and doe n't miss a beat of allen 's fast-pac dialogu . 
i did n't care much for her run joke about him `` die `` whenev he left a room , but overal she wa realli good and i especi like the way that her sweater clung to her breast as they did . . . yum , 
yum ! 
harumph , but i digress . 
so let 's recap . 
a great look pictur with a nice jazzi score , some funni one-lin , especi in the second half , a decent plotlin , although you should n't expect a real mysteri or anyth , and some solid act all around . 
i ca n't say that thi is even remot close to ani of allen 's best work , but i certainli believ it to be a step in the right direct , especi after the dinki decad of film that he just went through . 
it 's probabl better gear toward allen fan more than anyon els , but i would still recommend thi film to anyon look for a cute , `` old-school `` kind of vibe , with chemistri between the lead , zippi dialogu and a satisfi conclus . 
littl known fact about thi film and it star : anni hall ( 10/10 ) - celebr ( 5/10 ) - everyon say i love you ( 5/10 ) - husband and wive ( 9/10 ) - mighti aphrodit ( 5/10 ) - small time crook ( 7/10 ) - when harri met salli ( 10/10 ) - you 've got mail ( 4/10 ) 
