wyatt earp ha a lot to tell and littl to say . 
thi stori of the legendari lawman run three hour and nine minut and that 's too long for thi epic-wannab that play more like a tv mini-seri than a movi . 
the stori open on the earp famili farm , with young wyatt readi to run away from home . 
he want to fight in the civil war , but hi dad ( hackman ) ha differ idea and want hi son to studi law . 
time pass and wyatt head west , return home to marri , and , after a spell , begin hi career in law enforc . 
by the time he ( costner ) and hi brother ( madsen , david andrew , and linden ashbi ) arriv in tombston , wyatt ha tri hi hand at everyth from hunt buffalo to deal card . 
wyatt earp is veri appeal in place -- such as cast , costum , and cinematographi -- but an overst stori and overpow score deaden most of the emot impact . 
who can be move by scene after scene after scene of swell string and suffoc speech ? 
somber is fine -- just ask clint eastwood -- but thi film that boast not one , not two , but three , count 'em three , hammi death scene ! 
still , a littl bit of earp goe a long way and the life and time of the legendari lawman are from uninterest stuff . 
hi , uh , unusu relat with women , for exampl , are an intrigu contrast to hi charact 's credo of `` noth count as much as blood . `` 
equal amus is a buffalo-hunt ( and skin ! ) 
sequenc that is decidedli non-pc . 
director lawrenc kasdan take a refreshingli realist approach to the gunplay . 
the infam gunfight at the ok corral is both brutal and brief , devoid of almost ani theatric . 
do n't look for much glorifi violenc here . 
despit some larg exclam point in the stori , the charact * do * come to life . 
the divers cast includ everyon from betti buckley ( ! ) to mackenzi astin ( ! ! ) . 
kevin costner is veri good in the titl role . 
danc with whitney never get as steeli as the role requir , though , but hi transform from lightheart law student to stoic sheriff is fun to watch . 
he wa tougher in a perfect world . 
hi foil is denni quaid , who pull a deniro by lose 40+ pound to play the tubercular terror doc holliday . 
gaunt * and * game , he 's a scene stealer who 's seen too littl . 
other familiar face includ tom sizemor ( look like bruce mcgill ) , bill pullman ( look like jeff daniel ) , and lea thompson ( look like someon other than lea thompson ) . 
both gene hackman and isabella rosselini appear and disappear like magic , while late entri catherin o'hara and jobeth william are surprisingli solid . 
though the stori and score should 've tri `` less is more , `` all other credit are technic top . 
product design ida random , art director gari wissner , and costum design colleen atwood are some of the vip who help spend what must 've been an enorm budget . 
clearli no expens wa spare . 
