origin titl 'do n't lose your head ' , thi parodi of the scarlet pimpernel stori wa the first carri on to be produc by rank film product . 
two english fop , the 'powder , be-wig , be-ribbon ' sir rodney ffing ( sidney jame ) and hi counterpart lord darci pew ( jim dale ) decid to travel to revolutionari franc in an attempt to rescu their fellow french royalist and aristocrat from lose their head by the guillotin . 
due to a seri of machin and disguis , they are larg success . 
ffing becom known as 'the black fingernail ' becaus he leav a call card behind which show two finger stick up , one with a black fingernail . 
after the fingernail rescu a promin royalist the duc de pommfrit ( charl hawtrey ) , citizen robespierr ( peter gilmor ) order the head of the secret polic citizen 'the big chees ' camembert ( kenneth william ) and citizen bidet ( peter butterworth ) to follow the fingernail to england and do away with him . 
( in fact , darci and ffing are their coachmen ! ) 
onc at calai , the fingernail meet jacquelin ( dani robin ) and they fall in love instantli . 
he tell her hi ident and give her hi locket . 
when camembert realis that the fingernail is nearbi , he search the inn at calai and captur jacquelin , think that she is wear a diguis and is realli the fingernail ! 
jacquelin is imprison in the bastil and camembert , hi love desire dubarri ( joan sim ) , and bidet all travel to london in pursuit of the fingernail . 
they pretend to be of nobl stock , call themselv the duc and duchess de la plume de ma tant ( with bidet their assist ) and are invit by darci to a ball held by ffing . 
desire find out that ffing is the fingernail by wear the locket around her neck , but she end up fall in love with him . 
ffing attempt to stall camembert so that he can return to the bastil to rescu jacquelin , camembert ha her move to the 'chateau neuv ' , and a climact sword-fight decid who will lose their head at the end of the film ! 
a more complex stori than most carri on , thi film enjoy good product valu ( set , costum ) and an on-form cast . 
sid jame is excel as the english fop and black fingernail , kenneth william excel as the evil camembert , and peter butterworth expertli play the substanti part of camembert 's thick-wit croni . 
other act honour go to joan sim who is perfect as desire and charl hawtrey who is excel as the french aristo pommfrit . 
although it suffer from a disaster over-long sword fight at the end of the film , it is larg success due to the perform of the main star , it slick and profession product , and it better-than-usu script . 
definit one of the best of the seri and a joy to watch . 
