ingredi : down-on-his-luck evangelist , church 
synopsi : sonni dewey ( robert duval ) is a tireless texa pentecost preacher who unexpectedli catch hi wife ( farrah fawcett ) in bed with anoth guy . 
in a regrett crime of passion he take a basebal bat to the guy 's head , and suddenli find himself a fugit for murder , and estrang from hi wife and two kid . 
to aton for hi sin , sonni flee to a rural bayou town in louisiana and baptiz himself as a new creatur - - the apostl e . f . as the apostl e . f . sonni 's main mission is to reviv an abandon church commun and preach the gospel at the local radio station . 
soon he set about resurrect the one way road to heaven holi templ . 
but sonni know hi time is short ; one day the polic will find him . 
opinion : thi movi is a thought-provok look at an evangelist in real life term . 
i believ that robert duval ( who is the produc , director , writer , and main star of the apostl ) deserv an oscar for hi perform as sonni the religi crusad - - a perform which is so complex and realist it rank as one of the finest act perform on film . 
duval 's portray of a true believ is authent , superb , and inspir ; it offer the audienc a complet honest look at southern religion , as well as a portrait of a fallibl , complic man driven by hi belief . 
incident , in real life duval wa just as 'driven ' in get the project underway . 
sinc no major hollywood studio want to risk financ a complex movi about an evangelist , the apostl as a project lay dormant for almost 13 year befor duval wa abl to get it done , pay for it product with hi own money ( about five million dollar ) . 
in term of hard-hit realism and charact portray the apostl would rank as one of the best movi of thi decad , and i emphat recommend the apostl for connoisseur of stage and fine act on film . 
similarli , those with a steep background in pentecost christian would find the apostl a thought-provok experi . 
on the other hand , the apostl 's main strength - - duval 's preach - - is also what limit the apostl 's target audienc . 
in term of plot and pure entertain valu , the apostl is definit not for everyon . 
teenag , action fan , comedi fan , and peopl who find church complet bore should stay far away from thi movi , sinc three quarter of the film is watch sonni preach at church . 
in other word , the apostl is a four star perform , but with a veri limit audienc . 
