if there is one thing that bother me about hollywood film it 's their predict end . 
the devil 's advoc ha the atyp hollywood end , when everyth that should happen doe . 
unfortun for the devil 's advoc , thi end nearli collaps in on itself , and ruin the entir film . 
nevertheless , the film doe provid two and a half hour of pure entertain ( note to self : kill whomev wa in charg of the preview for thi film ) . 
i do n't think i wa quit prepar for thi movi becaus the trailer made it appear to be some supernatur horror film about satan . 
well , it doe contain thi element , but what is not mention in the ad is the other plot element ( and seemingli more interest one at that ) . 
the devil 's advoc begin in florida with an ongo trial in session . 
kevin lomax ( keanu reev ) is the defens attorney , work for a client whom ha been accus of rape a young girl . 
he end up with a not-guilti verdict , despit an emot testimoni from the victim ( heather matarazzo ) . 
he leav the courthous with hi love wife mari ann ( charliz theron ) where he is approach with an offer to travel to new york citi to help choos a good juri . 
he accept ( mainli after see the paycheck he will receiv ) and he fli to new york with hi wife . 
after prove hi worth for select juri ( and hi perfect win streak in court ) , the head of the firm , john milton ( al pacino ) , ask him to work perman as a crimin lawyer . 
he gracious accept , where he is treat almost as a god . 
he is given an incred apart ( which is bigger than my entir hous now ) , and a hefti paycheck . 
hi life seem to be on the rise . 
and of cours , hi life suddenli begin to waver and slowli declin . 
he is attract to fellow employe christabella ( conni nielson ) , and hi wife begin to feel veri lone in her larg apart . 
mari ann take up a friendship with a neighbor who alway give advic , especi if it is not want . 
meanwhil , kevin nab a case surround alexand cullen ( craig t . nelson ) who appar murder three peopl . 
he spend hour upon hour with thi case , while forget hi love wife , who may or may not be go insan . 
all of thi while john milton may or may not be the devil himself . 
after a while , thing turn complet upside-down , as kevin 's wife claim to have seen monstrou imag superimpos on her friend . 
a fellow employe is murder in the park , and hi mother ( judith ivey ) reveal inform about kevin 's real father . 
is it all just a big nightmar ? 
or is john milton realli satan , play trick with kevin 's life ? 
the devil 's advoc play out fairli straight-forward , but for some odd reason , the screenwrit want to surpris everyon by give us someth we do n't expect . 
is thi surpris conclus suppos to make us feel good and go home without feel depress or disturb ? 
if so , the devil 's advoc mess up complet , and iron , i felt more depress becaus of the end as is now , than i would have if it had end ten minut earli . 
i went into the devil 's advoc expect a shock horror film , and that is exactli what i got . 
i wa settl in to be disturb mental and emot , and that is what i got . 
but what wa the most disturb and horribl aspect of the movi is the poor end ( did i mention that i did n't like the end ? ) . 
the produc of thi film take you on a thrill roller coaster ride and just as it is end , they pull the rug out from under you . 
film like se7en and the usual suspect can surviv with thi surpris end becaus it is expect , more or less . 
we know it is go to end in an unpredict way . 
the devil 's advoc , on the other hand , end unpredict , not from us know a lot , but know noth at all . 
if that is confus , i recommend watch the film , and then read that again . 
as for the film overal , i enjoy the entir first two hour , be drawn in by a terrif charact studi and then ad the supernatur plot to increas the tension build from the charact studi . 
the film run like a well-built clock , slowli build until final explod with a highli charg climax ( and an unpredict one at that ) . 
and then you settl in for a nice resolut , which doe not occur . 
it wa at thi point that i felt cheat . 
take us on a terror ride of intrigu , we follow kevin lomax around , as he is the centerpiec of the film . 
everyth occur from hi perspect . 
he is our represent on screen ( sort of ) . 
but we are forc to wit a conclus which make most of the film seem like a game . 
i do n't want to spoil the end , so all i can say is go see the film and decid for yourself . 
perhap the most shock thing about the devil 's advoc is the extrem amount of everyth . 
it earn it r rate for a reason . 
there is plenti of nuditi , sex , violenc , gore , and then you have gore , violenc , sex , and more nuditi . 
thi film realli is n't subtl about anyth , show us everyth . 
it actual surpris me that thi film did not receiv an nc-17 rate , as it is quit harsh . 
howev , the movi doe have it merit , and nuditi and sex are among those . 
i do n't condon sex and nuditi in film , but if it there , i might as well enjoy it . 
the biggest merit of thi film is also the most interest to watch . 
the confront between kevin lomax and john milton are entertain , but what stand out amidst thi extrem hatr is the declin of the wife , mari ann . 
portray by the extrem effect charliz theron , mari ann 's problem are incred intens , and i found myself want to wit her declin . 
thi may sound uncar , but i want to watch becaus i felt sorri for her . 
she is the most interest charact on the screen , who is forc into a world where she is not want . 
someth the devil 's advoc contain actual shock me for reason other than extrem violenc and nuditi , especi for a film of thi natur . 
the stori actual ha someth to say about human . 
in one of the last scene , john milton explain to kevin lomax the game god play with hi children ( he is satan , of cours ) . 
he comment that it is human natur to lust and loath in vaniti . 
then , god set up rule which contradict human natur . 
thi semi-religi bash is more humor than frighten . 
what milton say is so true about our societi that i found myself laugh out loud , partial think it wa funni , but patial realiz it wa true . 
these moral dilemma are present throughout the devil 's advoc , give it an ad depth mani film skip over in their write ( but i 'm sure they came straight from the novel it wa base on ) . 
when a film ha someth to say about our societi , it deserv to be watch . 
the cast of the devil 's advoc is one of the highlight , as we see memor face , and they put spin on those memor face we do n't expect . 
heather matarazzo make a brief appear as the terror victim in the open court case , and she doe a great job . 
probabl the big surpris of thi film is keanu reev . 
he ha proven himself an uneven actor ( success such as speed and bomb such as johnni mnemon ) , but he top himself with thi perform . 
i have never seen him more believ to date . 
al pacino is of cours the scene stealer . 
hi devilish perform is equal to those of jack nicholson ( the witch of eastwick ) and max von sydow ( need thing ) . 
he could have easili gone too far over the top in mani scene , but he remain complet believ ( if that is the correct term ) . 
jeffrey jone ( mostli known as the princip in ferri bueller 's day off ) also give a good perform as eddi barzoon . 
judith ivey manag a credibl perform as the mother who hold a secret to kevin 's past . 
conni nielson is veri effect in her role , and she also appear nake sever time . 
one familiar face with a twist wa `` coach `` star , craig t . nelson , who give a veri good perform . 
the devil 's advoc is rate r for sexual , nuditi , violenc , languag , and some gore . 
at 144 minut , thi film move along fairli quickli . 
for the first two hour , i sat complet engag in the good perform and strong charact . 
the technic qualiti is also remark , with great special effect and a good music score . 
director taylor hackford ha manag to creat a veri disturb motion pictur , onli to ruin a good chunk of tension with the final fifteen minut . 
i guess my biggest problem with the end is the fact that i went into the theater expect a disturb film , and hackford gave me just that for a long time . 
but just befor the end , he got jitterish and reli on the hollywood safeti net in order to make hi film more mainstream . 
person , i would have prefer it end fifteen minut earli . 
