armageddon , in itself , symbol everyth that is wrong in modern filmmak . 
stori have been replac with special effect ; charact develop get overshadow by bad dialogu ; plot consist of a bunch of shit get blown up . 
armageddon is as stupid , as loud and as shallow as ani movi you 'll see come out thi summer , or mayb even ani other summer . 
but i love everi freak minut of it . 
believ me , i 'm just as shock as you are . 
hell , i do n't even know whi i went to see it in the first place . 
the preview were so annoy that i predict thi wa go to be the worst film of the year , or at least in the run . 
i 'm sorri , but `` somebodi dial 911 ! ! ! `` 
is n't quit the tag that 's go to sell a movi . 
it is n't too wise either to market the film use the movi 's stupidest line ( `` beam me up scotti `` - yeah , that sure is great write . . . ) . 
i mean , let 's face it ; armageddon 's preview rival the truman show 's as be some of the worst of the year . 
neither of them even come close to do their respect film justic . 
of cours , you all know the stori . 
when the earth is threaten with total annihil via an asteroid the size of texa , nasa call in the us 's top oil driller ( ! ) to go into space ( ! ) and implant a nuclear devic eight-hundr and someodd feet into the asteroid ( ! ) . 
in the coars of all thi mayhem , we are introduc to some interest - and not so interest - charact . 
belong to the former group is rockhound ( steve buscemi ) , a horni littl woman geniu who 's alway full of wisecrack , even when fli into space at a huge amount of g 's . 
also , there 's the alway cool-as-hel billi bob thornton as dan truman , the bigwig at nasa who recruit all the driller . 
he kind of remind me of ed harri in apollo 13 , onli without the intens and great line to deliv . 
then on the flip side of the coin is the tire , contriv charact of harri stamper ( bruce willi , who doe the whole movi employ with annoy accent i ca n't quit place ) , the leader of the pack as well as liv tyler and ben affleck as the token lover you must have in ani summer movi . 
basic , that 's about it . 
as i said , thi is hardli a film about plot . 
it 's anoth summer blockbust with plot point that are beyond unbeliev and dialogu and charact that are mostli complet wooden . 
case in point : nasa doe n't know that there is even an asteroid on it 's way until eighteen day befor impact - huh ? 
anoth exampl : at one point in the movi , two children are play with toy space shuttl in front of a poster of kennedi . 
how pretenti is that ? ? ? ! ! ! 
want anoth one ? 
okay ; befor the oil driller blast off into space , one of them start sing `` leav on a jet plane `` , and soon , all the rest join in . 
did michael bay attend the school of sappi filmmak befor he made thi pictur ? 
but natur , all thi sappi , melodrama and special effect accumul to one bitchin ' time at the movi . 
and do n't get me wrong - despit all of the thing i found wrong with armageddon , i still veri much enjoy it . 
so even if you do n't win one of mcdonald 's free ticket , it 's still definit worth check out . 
