ingredi : jame bond , scuba scene , car control by cellular telephon 
synopsi : warp media tycoon elliot carver ( jonathan pryce ) plot to start a war between britain and china in order to boost rate by use a 'stealth ship ' to fire a captur british missil at the citi of beij . 
super-ag jame bond ( pierc brosnan ) use trick gadget , pluck , and charm in order to foil carver 's scheme . 
thi time bond team up with top femal agent wai lin from china ( michel yeoh ) . 
the film contain fight , chase , gadget , and comed moment . 
opinion : it doe not have a casino scene or a ski scene , but tomorrow never die is nevertheless a solid , enjoy bond movi . 
it neither stand out nor disappoint . 
in old bond movi bond sometim team up with american cia agent felix leiter . 
tomorrow never die introduc a new charact in the form of chines agent wai lin . 
like leiter 's charact , wai lin would be a sure bet for a cameo in a later bond movi . 
star : michel yeoh wa born a leo in the western zodiac in the year of the tiger on the asian astrolog calendar . 
i dont believ in horoscop . 
but at an airport i onc brows an astrolog book with a section on leo tiger ( lt ) . 
`` leo tiger prefer enough solitud to grow at their own pace . 
lt are unbeliev courag when face advers . 
the lt is also classi , and ha an excel sens of refin , but she see herself as an adventur , and prefer freedom of movement rather than flashi statu symbol . 
thi person love famili and friend with a fierc loyalti . 
she delight in sibl , nephew , niec and extend famili - - but she must have her person freedom to come and go as she pleas . 
sometim annoy at injustic drive her to take up one or two caus . 
in love life , the lt ha an unfortun mental block against commit to ani partner who is less power than she . `` 
in real life , michel yeoh is asia 's top femal star . 
like jacki chan , she doe her own stunt . 
she wa born in malaysia - - a countri of mani languag - - and her primari languag ( the languag she speak in her sleep ) is english . 
she wa taught malay in school , and learn cantones from bilingu parent . 
as an athlet michel repres malaysia intern . 
she enjoy squash , dive , swim , and rugbi . 
she studi ballet at the royal academi of danc in london , but switch to drama after a spinal injuri . 
in 1983 she won the miss malaysia pageant - - without realli intend to , sinc a famili member had enter her in the contest without her knowledg . 
notorieti from the contest led eventu to a movi career as an action heroin . 
michel ha surviv a divorc with asian retail tycoon dickson poon ; a nearli fatal stunt accid fall from a freeway overpass which put her in the hospit for three month , and ; a retir from the movi . 
her comeback from retir , supercop ( 1992 ) becam the top gross film in asia that year . 
it is not clear what michelle martial art style is , but it may be a theatric version of wing chun . 
of her charact wai lin in tomorrow never die , michel say , `` wai lin is the first bond girl who is on a par with bond , someon who can match up with him mental and physic . `` 
my own opinion is that cast michel yeoh as agent wai lin wa an excel choic . 
