if you thought baz luhrmann 's radic take on _william_shakespeare's_romeo_+_juliet_ wa wild , wait until what you see what toni award-win stage director juli taymor ( _the_lion_k : _the_broadway_musical_ ) doe to the bard 's _titus_andronicus_ for her audaci -- and veri bloodi -- film debut . 
while luhrmann transplant the star-cross lover to 1990 florida , taymor keep thi grisli tale of reveng in rome -- but place it in a surreal tempor limbo . 
the colosseum suggest the proper time of imperi rome , but high rise and heavi duti kitchen oven suggest the 1990 , while the vintag automobil and some costum are more '40 and '50 , and other garment are more gladiator-lik . 
as tamora , queen of goth ( jessica lang ) exact reveng on roman gener titu ( anthoni hopkin ) for kill her eldest son , and he doe the same to her for the wrong she commit , taymor obvious want to express the timeless relev of the stori 's underli theme . 
howev , the time converg approach onli work at time , for often it 's just distract , as in one scene where tamora 's suviv son ( matthew rhi and jonathan rhi meyer ) blow off steam play video arcad game . 
taymor did n't have to resort to such avant gard time trick , for the stori would have reson just as strongli had she jettison them . 
she is a strong storytel and a master visual stylist , the latter compliment encompass all area , makeup and costum choic as well as those in the edit and photographi depart . 
she also ha a sure way with actor ; hopkin ' titu is at onc tragic and horrifi , and lang is sultri as the viper tamora . 
the clear standout of the cast , howev , is harri lennix as aaron , a moor who is tamora 's secret lover and a schemer in hi own right . 
lennix bring great depth to a role that could have easili been play as a stock villain . 
a great villain he inde is , but to leav it at that is n't give full justic to hi power and multi-dimension work . 
_titus_ is n't a complet success , but it is never less than fascin , and it announc the arriv of a fearlessli imagin new cinemat voic . 
