director domin sena ( who made the highli underr kalifornia ) and produc jerri bruckheim ( the rock , armageddon ) bring us a slick and entertain remak of the 1974 film of the same name that absolut no one ha ever seen . 
nicola cage play memphi , a retir car thief who 's `` pull back in `` to the busi by an evil car thief overlord ( christoph eccleston ) determin to kill memphi ' kid brother ( giovanni ribisi ) . 
memphi is order to steal 50 car in four day time or hi brother will meet an unfortun demis , all while have to elud the detect hot on hi trail and a rival car thief who feel the job should have been given to him and hi gang . 
memphi set out to put hi old crew back togeth , but discov that most of them have retir as well . 
gone in sixti second doe thing right from the open credit . 
in that sequenc , we get a rockin ' littl tune from mobi , along with some simpl back stori told onli with photograph and assort object . 
filmmak can sometim make or break a film just from it open titl sequenc , and thi one easili get you in the mindset for an entertain ride . 
and what follow doe n't disappoint . . . 
cage turn in one of hi good perform here ( he can easili go either way . . . 
good or bad . . . 
i do n't know how he doe that ) , and hi manner and dialogu deliveri carri the film along nice . 
of the support cast member , angelina joli as memphi ' former love is in the film just to provid eye candi ( she 's definit the hottest look greas monkey i 've ever seen ) and robert duval as memphi ' former mentor is just around to lend the film some class . 
also , i 'm a big fan of will patton ( armageddon , the postman ) and would love to see him get a huge role someday . 
none of these three perform are given much to do unfortun . 
some underr perform howev are given meati support role . 
delroy lindo ( get shorti ) shine as the exasper detect in pursuit of memphi , as doe timothi olyph ( go ) as lindo 's partner . 
i just wish some of the other charact could have been as import . 
the onli real gripe i have about the film though is it conclus . . . 
mainli becaus you know how it will end befor the open credit even roll . 
there 's no doubt in anyon 's mind that the 50 car will be success stolen , and the filmmak blew a perfectli good opportun to add some suspens to the pictur by use the `` rival car thief `` plot line . 
as it stand , that stori line is wrap up about halfway through the film in a tidi littl packag . 
but if i wa make thi film , i 'd have had the rival gang tri to get to the car befor memphi and hi crew , therebi make memphi have to improvis . . . 
therebi ad some meat to the plot . 
the final is essenti just a big car chase , and there just are n't way to make car chase interest anymor . 
it 's all been done . 
the chase is also shot and edit in that `` jerri bruckheim action sequenc `` kind of way that leav the audienc wonder what specif is go on in the scene . 
sure it 's a car chase , but what exactli are the particular of it ? 
it 's veri hard to tell . 
final , there 's a stunt dure thi scene that come close to challeng the `` bu jump the ramp `` sequenc from speed in the `` oh , i do n't think so . . . `` 
depart . 
despit those minor complaint , gone in sixti second is pure summer movi entertain . 
it 's not thought provok , but it 's shini , loud and fun . . . 
just what a summer flick should be . 
[ pg-13 ] 
