> from the man who present us with henri : the portrait of a serial killer ( 6 . 5/10 ) 
come a wild tale set within the elit and white trash of florida 's south coast . 
plot : guidanc counselor ( dillon ) is accus of rape one of hi student . 
she happen to be the daughter of one of the wealthiest women in florida . 
the counselor is brought to court on the charg , as anoth white trash girl ( campbel ) , also join the rape finger-point club . 
as the stori unfold , we find that mani thing are n't exactli as they seem ( that 's as much as i could say without ruin anyth ) . 
critiqu : good littl flick that slow down at certain point , and run a tad long , but gener enough twist and turn to keep most peopl interest throughout . 
mind you , i could see mani peopl not like it becaus it take `` one too mani `` twist and turn , but hey , i happen to like that kind of thing . 
and besid , the twist and turn in thi movi manag to remain within the realm of believ ( or scathingli close to ) , and even `` explain `` mani of it turn with a showcas of miss scene dure the credit crawl at the end of the film ( do not leav the theatr befor you see the credit . . . it 
realli doe clear up some stuff ! ! ) . 
other than that , the act wa good , with campbel transform her `` good girl stereotyp `` role into a pot-smok , goth-look white trash chick out for a good time . 
denis richard ( from starship trooper ( 7/10 ) fame ) solidifi herself as hollywood 's jelly-donut pinup girl of the moment , and prove that all breast implant need n't lead to lawsuit . 
bacon is solid , and so is dillon ( while continu to prove hi inabl to age to the whole wide wonder world ! ! ) . 
sprinkl the stori with a bunch o ' shot of allig peek through the swamp water , bacon show the world the size of hi ding-dong ( do we realli need to see thi ? ? ) , a coupl of lesbian kiss scene , and a menage-a-troi , and you 've got yourself a decent time at the movi theatr . 
on the down side , the soundtrack wa not as promin ( or slick ) as i thought it would be , and theresa russel ( real name : theresa paup ) seem to have lost her way in everi which way possibl . . . . ooooh , 
i almost forgot bill murray 's exquisit role as the down-trodden lawyer who agre to defend dillon in court . 
murray actual ad that extra littl spice of humour that allow thi film to affirm it posit as a quirki littl noirish tale of sex , greed and mysteri . 
littl known fact : neve campbel specifi a non-nud claus in her contract ( she 's also born in guelph , ontario . . . go 
hoser ! ) 
director john mcnaughton say he delet a scene that would have shown matt dillon and kevin bacon shower togeth , as it wa gratuit . 
kevin bacon play in a band with hi brother , call the bacon brother , is marri to actress kyra sedgwick , and ha a game base on him call `` six degre of kevin bacon `` . 
