the latest epo from lar is a blast , although a rather moodi one . 
thi lovestori is situat in a small town in the rough dreari cliff in the vestern part of scotland in the 1970 someth . 
the church ( calvinist ) is so strict that the church bell ha been remov from the clocktow , they are consid be too unrestrain . 
in these surround we find the to-be-w jan and bess , play by stellan skarsgaard and the remark new movi actress emili watson . 
jan is on leav from the oilrig and bess . . 
is just bess , a bit naiv and innoc ( in everi aspect of the word ) , at first . 
at the wed parti we are told an anecdot , illustr her infinit kind , she onc lend a bike to an stranger , her best friend bike howev . 
but bess is suffer in thi scari religi societi . 
we soon take part in a funer where a man , fallen off the orthodox path , is laid to rest while doom to hell . 
women are not allow to attend funer or speak up in the church . 
when the end of the honeymoon approach we see bess idol jan in such an intend , almost manic , that her friend tri to calm her down a bit . 
the time ha come when jan is to return to the rig , bess is fall into the dark of depress , her yell of grief and sorrow are heard abov the break of the wave . 
she ca n't stand the thought of life without her husband . 
we wit her dialogu with god ( she speak both part , paranoia ? ) 
convinc god to return jan from the oilrig , and her prayer are heard . 
an accid on the rig bring him back , paralys from the neck and down . 
now he ca n't satisfi her need for physic love , he tri to persuad her into find a lover , with the ulterior motiv to make her describ these affair to him in everi detail . 
at first she resist , but her love for jan and hi assur that thi will make him recov more rapidli make her compli . 
imagin what thi is do to the poor girl ? 
the stori is cleverli divid into eight chapter part by beauti pictur made by danish artist per kirkebi , accompani by music from the era ; procol harum , deep purpl , t-rex and other . 
the use of hand-held camera and lack of ani make-up make the charact solid and help to separ thi movi from other in the sentiment genr . 
the incred perform from the actor make the movi brilliant , though a bit too gloomi for my tast . 
i would say that it is in the genr of betti blue ( 37 . 2 le matin ) and bitter moon ( lune de fiel ) . 
emili watson as bess and katrin cartlidg as her best friend dodo deliv outstand perform , thi must be the reason for give it the `` grand prix du juri `` in cann thi year ( although we had hope for the `` palm d'or `` ) . 
the screenplay is now avail in print , the transform be made in the period from ultimo may to juli , just in time for the danish premier . 
