you 've got to think twice befor you go see a movi with a titl like maximum risk . 
the titl is gener . 
it 's meaningless . 
and i ca n't believ it 's good busi . 
when you pick up the phone and dial 777-film , how in the world are you suppos to rememb that the new jean-claud van damm movi , the one that look kind of cool in the trailer and is direct by some chines hot shot , is call , geez , maximum risk ? 
yuck . 
the movi itself deserv your attent . 
for sweet bloodi thrill , thi one beat the summer blockbust competit hands-down . 
onli mission : imposs came close to deliv as skill a thriller , and i 'll give maximum risk the edg simpli becaus it 's not as slick as the tom cruis pictur , and therefor more gratifi in it execut . 
much to my surpris , van damm continu to develop as a pleasant , unpretenti action hero . 
hi track record is n't as solid as schwarzenegg 's , but he 's a hell of a lot more adventur than arnold . 
in 1993 , van damm work with hong kong 's premier hardcor action director , john woo , on a fairli lame movi call hard target . 
( if you can find a bootleg copi , woo 's radic differ director 's cut is much better than what wa eventu releas . ) 
thi follow-up is direct by ringo lam ( citi on fire , full contact ) , whose hong kong film are distinguish action pictur that have consist play second fiddl to woo 's more operat offer . 
the surpris here is that maximum risk is a more effect hollywood action flick than either hard target or woo 's subsequ broken arrow . 
here 's the rundown . 
van damm play a french cop name alain moreau who is shaken when a policeman friend ( jean-hugu anglad ) find a corps that 's alain 's exact doubl . 
turn out alain wa separ at birth from hi twin brother , michael , who ha been kill by some russian heavi ( and some strang american look cop ) . 
alain doe some investig . 
he find that michael had book a flight to new york citi , and receiv a messag from someon there name alex bohemia . 
assum michael 's ident , alain fli to new york and get tangl up with michael 's girlfriend ( natasha henstridg ) , the fbi , and the russian mob in littl odessa . 
that 's as much as you need to know . 
the stori is adequ , but not overli involv -- and the major plot point are basic explain to you twice , just in case you go out for popcorn at the wrong moment . 
there 's a love stori , too , but i did n't find it terribl convinc , partli becaus ex-model henstridg is too high-strung in her high-profil debut ( she had preciou few line as the alien ice queen in speci ) . 
she 's great to look at , and she can certainli read a line , but what she doe here ca n't realli be describ as `` act . `` 
of cours , `` act `` is n't realli what she wa hire for ( i lost track of whether her shirt come off more often than van damm 's ) . 
the movi is except violent , border on gratuiti . 
( keep that in mind when plan your date . ) 
the stunt are spectacular , and the fact that you can spot van damm 's stand-in make hi work no less impress . 
there 's onli so much you can do with a car wreck , but thi movi make crisp , effect use of pile-up in a hand of frenzi destruct derbi . 
and lam ha a surpris , innov sens of exactli where the camera should go to catch ani bit of action . 
the main differ between lam and woo , i believ , is that while woo reli on sheer spectacl to ga up hi action show piec , lam ha figur out more about use cinemat space and double-barrel point of view to make thing run . 
do n't get me wrong -- when chow yun-fat soar through space pump bullet out of two pistol and chew on a toothpick with glass and confetti litter the air around him in woo 's hard-boil , it 's an amaz moment . 
but it 's a moment that 's hard to reproduc in hollywood . 
( for one thing , hollywood doe n't yet have chow yun-fat ! ) 
while woo 's hollywood movi look like the work of a talent upstart , maximum risk is a surprisingli confid pictur . 
the veri first shot of the film is an awkward overhead view of a chase through the street of a european citi , but lam 's use of odd camera angl becom more effici later on . 
the film edit is a particularli savvi complement to lam 's shoot style , accentu rather than amplifi the action . 
the perform could have use some fine tune ( in particular , there 's an annoy , overwritten manhattan cab driver in the earli scene who should have been tone down or jettison complet ) , and the movi doe n't alway overcom the limit of it genr . 
the stori is a littl mundan , although there are some effect moment involv van damm 's unrequit feel toward the brother he never knew he had . 
but it 's not often that hollywood crank out a truli satisfi action pictur , and it 's doubli surpris that thi one should come with a mere whisper of public . 
van damm fan should treat themselv to what may well be the man 's best movi , and intern action buff will no doubt savor thi flavor hong kong/hollywood hybrid . 
