anastasia contain someth that ha been lack from all of the recent disney releas . . . 
( especi hercul ) . . . 
emot . 
all the wacki charact voic by celebr and fantast anim adventur sequenc are n't go to hold anyon 's interest unless there is an emot core to hold it all togeth . 
not sinc disney 's beauti & the beast ha there been such a compel anim film with interest charact and drama that work . 
the stori of the romanov famili , the ruler of russia , and their downfal begin the film . 
anastasia , one of the daughter , narrowli escap the mad monk rasputin ( voic by christoph lloyd ) with her grandmoth ( voic by angela landsburi ) . 
but anastasia get lost , and grow up with no memori of her royal origin . 
the grandmoth live in pari , hope to someday find her belov anastasia , the onli member of the famili to surviv the russian revolut . 
a young woman name anya ( voic by meg ryan ) run across dimitri ( john cusack ) and vlad ( kelsey grammar ) , who are tri to put togeth a scheme to creat an anastasia to fool the grandmoth and get the reward money . 
they pick anya to pose as their princ , and of cours , it is soon reveal that anya is in fact the lost anastasia . 
dimitri realiz that he can never win her love as he is a common , and meanwhil , rasputin is not dead , and plot hi reveng against the last romanov . 
the plot is actual quit well structur . 
there are a lot of complex that may have to be explain to the kid later , but it move along fast enough that they 'll never have time to be bore . 
what thi realli mean is that the adult wo n't be bore by it either . 
there is a great deal of banter between anya and dimitri that is veri funni , and their relationship develop quit natur as the film progress . 
there is , of cours , lot of comedi for the kid , includ rasputin 's pet bat , bartok ( hank azaria ) , who is easili the funniest thing in the film . 
howev , the comic scene never distract from the drama , but are work into the plot almost seamlessli . 
the anim is gorgeou - the charact seem to come to life through the talent anim . 
not sinc beauti & the beast have anim charact had so much life to them . 
even without the voic , they act . 
the music number in pari is a show-stopp , with some of the background render in an impressionist paint style . 
as with all recent anim featur , there are song , howev , these song do more than just provid fodder for top-40 singer to get on the radio ( although there are three of them dure the end credit ) . 
the song are all veri catchi , and advanc the plot , instead of just be showpiec ( except for the pari number , but that 's so much fun , it 's okay . . . ) . 
i ca n't reccomend anastasia highli enough . 
it 's a wonder film that rank right up there with other anim classic . 
kid and adult alik will enjoy it , and it 's also nice to have a qualiti anim featur film from anoth studio besid disney . 
