insan ( but inspir ) music about alferd packer , the first man ever tri for cannib in america . 
as the stori unfold we learn what event led to packer ( trey parker ) supposedli kill and eat the five men who got lost while accompani him through the mountain of colorado in search of gold . 
throughout , packer must contend with evil trapper bent on steal hi prize hors , a tribe of ` ute ' indian that doe n't seem quit on the mark , and a terribl winter storm that lead to the eventu cannib . 
parker obvious know hi music veri well , becaus the viewer is also treat to some of the most maddeningli catchi song to appear in a film ( he would accomplish thi again in hi post-cannib ! 
music motion pictur , south park : bigger , longer , and uncut ) . 
apart from the inher interest of see a pre- `` south park `` parker and stone in their first effort , cannib ! 
also offer up some pretti decent laugh . 
the aforement ` ute ' indian tribe that packer 's group encount is a definit highlight , as are two rous music number about snowmen ( one of which end on a comed deadli note ) . 
stone 's humphrey charact steal the show , especi when complain about the prospect of have to ` eat butt ' or reveal what 's underneath hi muff cap . 
jason mchugh 's charact of mr . miller is the stand out perform though , as he offer a hilari dissent voic to the proceed . 
as i mention befor , parker 's song are veri catchi . 
you 'll be hard press to get ` it 's a shpadoinkl day ' out of your head onc you 've heard it ( incident , the braniff logo that appear at the end of everi `` south park `` episod is score with a few note from thi song ) . 
other song you 'll find yourself hum includ ` when i wa on top of you ' ( a love ballad ) , ` the trapper 's song ' ( the villain leit motif ) , and ` hang the bastard ' ( the rous final ) . 
thank , none of these song are quit as embarrass to find yourself sing in public as south park : bigger , longer & uncut 's song are . 
releas as a pick-up through troma studio , the film is avail on videocassett and dvd . 
the videocassett includ an intro by the beauti jane jensen and an interview segment with lloyd kaufman , discuss hi admir for parker and stone and the fact that they had been hire for a zucker brother film ( which turn out to be the hilari baseketbal ) . 
there are also multipl trailer for upcom troma film . 
as for the dvd . . . 
well , that 's a differ stori . 
probabl one of the best dvd packag of the year ( and potenti of all time ) , cannib ! 
the music ! 
the dvd is a massiv achiev . 
present in 1 . 33 : 1 ( full frame ) onli , the disc ha the usual troma inclus : the tour of troma , the troma intellig test 2 , trailer for upcom releas , but where the disc truli shine is in it cannib ! 
specif extra . 
the first thing i must note is , the transfer is about as beauti as ani i 've ever seen on ani disc . 
the pictur is crisp , clear , and free from ani notic artifact . 
add to that one of the funniest commentari track i have ever heard , featur trey parker , matt stone , jason mchugh , dian bachar , and andi kemler get drunker and drunker as the track continu and you still have n't scratch the surfac of the extra . 
there 's also behind the scene footag of the shoot of the film , a clip with trey , matt , and lemmi ( of the band motorhead ) from the film terror firmer , an index for easi locat of all of the song in the film , and final , an index of all the song as perform by the cast of a stage product of cannib ! . 
it 's good to see thi film final get the treatment it deserv . 
kudo to the entir product staff at troma and aix for make one of the most entertain dvd i have seen in a veri long time . 
