richard gere is not one of my favorit actor . 
howev , i like courtroom drama , and thi film look good enough to take a chanc on . 
i wa n't disappoint . 
it wa n't a great film , but it wa interest , and took sever unexpect turn . 
one thing : what 's with the titl ? 
not onli is it extrem forgett , it doe n't realli have much to do with the film , as far as i could determin . 
in the long run , it will probabl hurt the film , as peopl wo n't be abl to think of or rememb it . 
martin vail ( richard gere ) is a grandios defens attorney . 
he love the money and the fame that go along with defend ( success ) rich scum , such as mafia men and drug-deal . 
onc he see that the accus killer of a promin chicago archbishop is a baby-fac alter boy , he want in on the case , presum for the press he 'll get . 
we soon find out that the prosecutor assign is a former lover , janet venabl ( laura linney ) . 
vail himself is a former prosecutor , and quit becaus of tension between himself and the district attorney , play veri well by john mahoney ( frasier 's father on the tv seri ) . 
there is an underli theme of dichotomi in the movi : peopl have public face , and privat face . 
we see thi in the murder archbishop , in the accus , and , most strongli , defens attorney martin vail . 
richard gere doe a fairli good job . 
at first , he appear to be a money- and attention-grab lawyer , with no consider of the truth . 
but we see anoth side , as he becom a seeker of justic , and come to believ in hi client . 
alfr woodard , as the judg , is capabl , though somewhat wast in a standard role . 
laura linney also doe journeyman work ; noth spectacular , but accept . 
her relationship with vail is believ ; their verbal fenc add to the film . 
the actor who play vail 's investig ( unfortun , i do n't rememb hi name ) is quit good . 
hi femal assist ( she look veri familiar , but i ca n't rememb where i 've seen her ) wa also capabl , but unspectacular . 
the best perform in the film wa by edward norton . 
he wa excel , as the timid altar-boy turn alleg `` butcher boy of st . mike 's `` . 
i wa impress by the depth of the plot ; there are red-her , and dead-end , that in a lesser film would lead to a predict end . 
i like the plot twist the film took , and most of the support charact , thu i give primal fear a respect b+ rate . 
