here is a film that is so unexpect , so scari , and so origin that it caught me off guard and threw me for a loop . 
okay , it is n't quit origin , consid it is a sequel to the box offic hit speci , but it certainli is smart . 
most film of thi genr are reminisc of those cheesi b-horror film from the 50 and 60 , and some even becom them . 
howev , as we learn with the 1995 small-budget horror/sci-fi film , sometim expect can be shatter . 
a lot of critic ha gone against thi film ( from what i have read so far , anyway -- yep , all two review ) , and it make me wonder whi these type of film are automat dismiss as gori , laughabl piec of trash . 
but , the thing is , it is n't . 
it 's well made , well act , and quit intellig . 
i can see most of the critic now complain about the level of gore or the level of sexual in the film . 
but the speci seri is n't about the lack of these element . 
it 's about how much it can get into one film . 
and yet , behind it all , it ha thi basic premis that allow it to get away with do so . 
speci ii begin in the present day , though it seem to be an altern univers . 
mani film ( especi sci-fi one ) creat similar timelin as our realist one , but chang it to fit the film 's need . 
speci ii begin with the arriv of an american spacecraft , the excurs , land on the surfac of mar . 
aboard is patrick ross ( justin lazard ) , a veri bright and veri handsom astronaut . 
patrick is the son of senat ross ( jame cromwel ) , who just want patrick to succeed . 
well , it would seem that he ha succeed . 
land on the surfac of mar , he is the first human be to ever do so . 
of cours , he is n't the first ever . 
about a billion year ago , an alien speci supposedli land on mar and destroy the perfect live condit that were abl to sustain life . 
now , of cours , the red planet is cold and rocki . 
no life live on it . 
that is , no visibl life . 
patrick , upon leav the spacecraft and land on the red soil , collect sampl from the ground . 
he take them aboard , and put them in storag . 
unfortun , one of the sampl contain a form of life , and it get loos when it is heat aboard the ship . 
just prior to head back to earth , thi life form creep along the floor and inhabit the earthl . 
they pass out for approxim seven minut , and then shrug it off as noth , becaus they ca n't even rememb . 
they blame it on a technic malfunct . 
back on earth , patrick begin to have strong urg to mate with as mani women as possibl . 
as we know from the origin , thi is becaus the alien want to breed and take over the planet . 
howev , the children that are bred are half-human , as their father is . 
patrick is realli look for anoth alien to breed with , and he find it in eve ( natasha henstridg ) . 
eve wa clone from dna taken from sil , the origin alien . 
howev , thi time around , most of her `` alien `` urg have been either decreas dramat , or lie dormant . 
the project is led by dr . laura baker ( marg helgenberg , repris her role from speci ) , and her motiv seem respect . 
sinc she wa involv with the origin alien attack , she want to learn how to stop the alien should it come again . 
and it ha . 
story-wis , speci ii is much stronger than it predecessor , but it is also much stronger than , say , alien ( hey , i love the film , but you ca n't tell me it wa strong on stori ) . 
what surpris me the most with thi film wa the incorpor of histor fact into the screenplay . 
in my search for extraterrestri intellig cours in colleg , we learn about a piec of rock from mar which land in one of the pole . 
thi piec of rock contain fossil which may have been proof of life on mar ( later , it wa proven that it wa not a live creatur that creat it ) . 
the script use thi effect , but also manag to provid a well-balanc plot . 
begin with the first man on mar ( someth i have alway dream of see ) , i wa hope that the film would turn thi element into a use start point for the movi . 
and it doe it quit well . 
the charact are all smart , and they know what to do and what not to do . 
the onli charact that seem a littl clich is the gener ( georg dzundza ) , and yet , he remain logic in everyth he doe . 
there are the obviou flaw of cours , mostli lie in the technic aspect . 
the special effect are onli mediocr , and some are just plain bad . 
but for the most part , they remain believ ( i even notic a homag to the alien seri when the mother gave birth to alien children ) . 
also , the most realist one are usual the goriest , rang from peopl be torn open , or someon 's head be blown off . 
howev , some plot element also may elicit laugh from the audienc , includ a menag a troi that is all but necessari . 
mani peopl dislik the speci seri becaus all it is is an excus for sex , nuditi , and gori violenc . 
howev , i tend to disagre . 
what were the alien film about ? 
and , if an alien speci ever did come to earth , and their sole purpos wa to destroy us , would n't you mate as quickli as possibl with as mani peopl as possibl ? 
my onli gripe with thi is dure the scene where patrick goe search for a mate in a groceri store . 
i did n't realiz that alien were that picki on choos women to mate with ( i just assum it is hi part-human side look for the most beauti one ) . 
the act is quit good for thi kind of film . 
it is a vast improv over the first film , at least . 
the act is the key element to thi film : if it wa bad , it would have lower itself into camp ; if it wa good , it would have ask for comparison with film like alien . 
okay , so it is n't that good . 
georg dzundza is probabl the most obviou mistak on cast , as hi over-the-top imperson of a gener make him annoy and distract . 
natasha henstridg is limit thi time around , as she is usual enclos in a cage . 
howev , she doe manag a veri impress perform with thi aspect hinder ani of her talent . 
oh yeah , and she 's quit fun to just plain watch . 
marg helgenberg is immens better thi time around , and her perform is probabl the best in thi film . 
michael madsen is so-so , but he is n't annoy , and he soon becom rather appeal ( with hi nice cynic person ) . 
jame cromwel ha a small part , but he make it much better than what it could have been with a more incap actor . 
as i say , ani film with jame cromwel dramat increas in likeabl . 
mykelti williamson give an enjoy perform , and he give the film a more down-to-earth feel . 
and , of cours , justin lazard . 
lazard ha so far been ridicul for hi perform , but i think he is effect . 
sure , he is wooden , but is n't that what hi charact is like ? 
the moment when he touch the glass separ henstridg from him wa extrem well done , due to the coupl 's act . 
speci ii is rate r for strong sexual , sci-fi violence/gor and languag . 
thi is definit an r rate film that young kid should not see . 
more than like , they would probabl have nightmar and never have sex for the rest of their live . 
hell , i do n't even know if i will . 
what is sure to be a critic lambast film turn out to be the surpris film of the year . 
i probabl wo n't see anoth film where i wa expect so littl and got so much for quit a while . 
director peter medak ha craft a veri suspens , and sometim veri scari movi out of a mediocr seri . 
medak ha also master the wonder `` jump ! `` 
moment , and ha probabl the second scariest moment i have ever seen on film ( scream still ha the first ) . 
strong act , smart dialogu , intellig plot , and a sure-hand director , speci ii is exactli what these film should be : entertain . 
