i do n't box with kid glove . 
i do n't play nice , i 'm not a nice guy , and i never , ever , go easi on a film . 
i consid it to be a breech of some sort of code of ethic for a movi critic . 
howev , i do some favor , and these often come in the form of point that i hand to certain group due to the artist braveri . 
rigormorti , the product compani that ha been my prime exampl of how money doe not need to motiv filmmak , get sever of these point each time . 
i still , howev , will not go easi on them . 
they recent sent me a vh copi of their down with america trilog ( which begin , quit wittili , with a disclaim that they are not tri to undermin america with the make of thi film . ) and i decid to spend an hour of my day watch it . 
in the famou line of mani martyr , i have no regret . 
well , i do have some regret , but that is not the point in the previou sentenc . 
the point of it wa that down with america wa a film that , from a critic standpoint , did not entir disappoint me . 
sure , the riski use of vh instead of super 8mm or 16mm wa a pain , and the natur light wa one of the most annoy thing about public access film , but the movi itself wa fairli enjoy . 
down with america concern a govern agent , needless murder , and a book contain everyth from the unabomb 's manifesto to the 1995 appl comput profit report . 
like the previou film of rigormorti that i have review , it display an off-kilt humor and intellig ? it succe in make me laugh where countless studio film fail . 
the best way to see thi film would be as a parodi of the countless conspiraci film that we have been drown in sinc the paranoia of the 80 . 
a die movement from the day they start , these paranoid ` thriller ' had the govern alway cover up someth and had the same favorit word : ` roswel . ' 
in down with america , the line ` roswel ' is highli absent . 
with an about ten minut run time , down with america effortlessli sidestep everi clich ? that the conspiraci film fell into , make joke at them at the same time , and provid us with funni and memor charact . 
again , i have seen movi that have gone on two hour with charact i could n't care less about . 
the film , as previous state , concern a feder agent ( peter roach ) , an obsess librarian ( meri steven ) , a mysteri man ( joe kaczkowski ) , and two peopl obsess with silenc in the librari ( robb sherman , kevin flower ) . 
the plot : a book contain the secret of all anarchist is hidden in ? a public librari where it can be view by all . 
from there we go into a delight parodi . 
the feder agent claim hi sovereign right to alter the truth , the librarian goe on a diatrib about the sanctiti of book . 
we spend our time laugh at fairli idiot joke that are perform much too well consid the lack of coach of the cast . 
although the actor and actress are in small role and give a whole new mean to ` no-nam ' , it end up be the no-nam peopl who do a good job , deliv better perform as comic villain than half the crap that hollywood turn out . 
for onc , i do n't have a url that i know offhand to give you as to where to locat the film onlin . 
i can onli say that you should find my previou review of l'auto and le x-file and look up the rigormorti product site in and of itself . 
it 's almost as much fun as the film . 
