wow ! what a movi . 
it 's everyth a movi can be : funni , dramat , interest , weird , funni , weird and strikingli origin . 
yep that pretti much describ thi movi . 
it start out like a regular movi and end up be one of the weirdest , funniest most origin movi i have ever seen . 
it boggl the mind and some have to wonder whi we can not get movi like thi more often . 
besid be one of the best film of the year , be john malkovich may as well be one of the best movi ever . 
period . 
then again there are so mani good movi , that one can not pick an all time favorit . 
john cusack play a puppet craig schwartz a man out of a job , in search of a job . 
hi wife lott schwartz who is play by a complet un-notic cameron diaz who look like someth off the street is an anim lover and ha about everi kind of anim you could think of . 
craig find a job as a file at the 7 ? floor of a busi build . . . you 
have to pri open the elev door open befor it reach floor eight , the 7 ? floor is just a floor between 7 and 8 . 
he is hire by hi 105 year old boss ( orsen bean ) to be a filer . 
in hi offic , he discov a littl door , to which wa board up and hidden . 
to hi curios he open it and start to crawl toward it , he then get suck to the end and end up in john malkovich 's mind . 
fifteen minut later he is shot out onto the side of the new jersey turnpik . 
he return to tell hi co-work maxin ( catherin keener ) that he ha found a portal that will lead him into john malkovich 's mind , she doe n't believ him but after she see it it chang her mind . 
lott also find out about the portal and discov that be someon els is good after all . 
john malkovich of cours ha no idea what is go on , and by the end of thi bizarr film there are so mani twist and turn , that we do n't know what realli happen . 
john cusack is outstand and utterli believ in a role onli he himself could play . 
he fit the role perfectli and to me wa brilliantli cast . 
cameron diaz is outstand and utterli one of the world 's most prettiest women , is made up here unnotic and veri unattract . 
she howev give a veri comic perform and thi could easili be her best role to date . 
catherin keener is veri funni and sexi as maxin and of cours the best thing of the movi is the magic himself john malkovich who is veri brilliant and thi movi play big time homag ? to the master himself . 
the whole group combin give us a wonder funni movi that is also smart and clever . 
spike jonz ( three king ) make hi fabul direct debut , and did a fantast job of direct thi new classic film . 
he let the viewer go on the trip as well as let the viewer know they are watch a movi . 
by the time the end roll around my head wa spin from disbelief of how good thi film wa . 
the screenplay written by charli kaufman wa hilari and often thought-provok . 
the film also had a soft side to it and even though the end is veri surpris it is also a littl sad and heart-warm . 
the whole movi wa fantast and had me roll in the isl . 
from cameron diaz 's appear to john malkovich 's explor i laugh veri hard , and it may as well be as funni as as good as it get ( the funniest ! ) . 
there is n't a slow point in the movi , or an overus idea . 
there are no clich except for the fact that thi is the most origin , inventi , witti , and smart movi i 've seen in a long time . 
i found myself amaz by everyth : the direct , act , write and the whole idea of the movi . 
by the end i had to wonder whi hollywood doe n't want to make movi like thi anymor . 
or whi they do n't . 
all filmmak watch thi movi and get some idea of movi to come out . 
thi wa a surpris hit as wa american beauti . 
'be john malkovich ' is in the top 5 movi of the year , and in the top 10 best film ever made . 
it ha someth that no other movi play now ha . 
in fact it may as well be the best movi out right now . 
i highli recommend 'be john malkovich ' and have no doubt you will be disappoint . 
